People DEANE,LS,DEANE,DEANE
Title   Interviewed 2/28/20<br>by Lydia Strohl <>
Speaker 0    00:00:00    My husband was born in Alexandria.  
Speaker 1    00:00:02    He was? Yeah. And what was your name when you were born? Rose. Rose.  
Speaker 0    00:00:07    Yeah. I was main, my name.  
Speaker 1    00:00:09    Your full, so your full name is  
Speaker 0    00:00:10    Barbara Jane.  
Speaker 1    00:00:11    Barbara Jane Rose Dean. Dean <laugh>. And you ran the store then?  
Speaker 0    00:00:16    Yeah, we ran it for 20 years. Wow. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Had more fun than a barrel of monkeys.  
Speaker 1    00:00:23    It was a very special place back then.  
Speaker 0    00:00:25    Oh, yes, it was. Um, I mean, I, I've only been in it once since. There's nothing in there. I mean, we, you know, had all the gossip, we had all the people. We still, I still see lots and lots of the people. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And it was a fun place.  
Speaker 1    00:00:45    How did you get into that business?  
Speaker 0    00:00:47    Well, when we moved out here, we moved out here from Fairfax. And my husband was working for Budweiser in Fairfax. And I was going through the Washington Post one day and I saw this advertisement for a T in Middleburg. Yeah. And I thought, you know, I remembered being around here from when I was a young person. And I said, oh, Sam, let's go look at it. And so we did. We were down in front of the gate down there, and I looked up here and I said, Sam, I have to have that house even before I ever looked in.  
Speaker 1    00:01:25    Yeah.  
Speaker 0    00:01:26    And so we, uh, sold our house in Fairfax, bought it, came up here, and Sam was working still at Budweiser. And, 'cause I told him, you're the one that have to drive. How are you?  
Speaker 1    00:01:38    Hi, I'm Lydia Mark. Nice to see you. Nice to meet you.  
Speaker 0    00:01:40    I'm telling how we ended up here. Mark  
Speaker 1    00:01:43    Telling me how she came to be here.  
Speaker 0    00:01:45    So, and then we met Mr. Ter, and then one day he said, would you like, he said, I'm getting old. He said, do you think you and your husband would like to take over the store? And I said, well, I think I have to ask my husband <laugh>. And so I came home and I said to Sam, you know, do you think we should take the store? I said, you're gonna have to quit Budweiser. That's gonna be our main income. And he said, yeah. So I went back and told Mr. Rector that. And so he said, well, I haven't said anything to Mrs. Rector yet. And I thought, oh God, Sam has quit his job. Oh, geez. But everything worked out. So he gave us at Lease for 20 years, Uhhuh  
Speaker 1    00:02:34    <affirmative>. And Mr. Rector had owned that store for,  
Speaker 0    00:02:38    Well, his, um, father started it. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. He was a rector from Rectortown. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And they lived there in that house and, and really nice couple. And  
Speaker 1    00:02:50    This  
Speaker 0    00:02:50    House here Yeah. On the side. That's known as the Rector house. Right. Yeah. And, um, he'd run the store in, he'd run it for years and years and years.  
Speaker 1    00:03:00    And his father had the store in Rectortown.  
Speaker 0    00:03:03    Yeah. Some of, I don't know whether it was his father. It was some of them. Right.  
Speaker 1    00:03:07    Some  
Speaker 0    00:03:07    Of them. 'cause his wife was a rector. She, they were first cousins. Oh,  
Speaker 1    00:03:13    So they were both rectors? Yes.  
Speaker 0    00:03:15    <laugh>. They didn't have to change the monogram. <laugh>.  
Speaker 1    00:03:20    Well, because that's what, when we first moved here, we moved here. Like, I started coming out here 20 some years ago. And when we moved to Rectortown, I had an opportunity to talk to one of the supervisors, or Virginia legislator it was. And I said, well, why can't the train go to Washington anymore? 'cause you know, you used to come to the plains and you could go straight to New York and Boston. And he said, oh, because Mr. Rector had the, was on the board of the train. And he brought it all the way up to Rectortown so that it could go to his store. And then of course, because it made that big loop, it was not efficient as a, uh, commuter train.  
Speaker 2    00:04:09    Well, there was also, there were Rector's in Rectortown. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. That actually donated the train station to the railroad tracks. I think that might have been before Mr. Rector. And I don't think they were actually Ken, those rectors mm-hmm <affirmative>. And, um,  
Speaker 1    00:04:27    So it was a different family. Yeah.  
Speaker 0    00:04:29    Yeah. Now, Mr. Director was a rector from Orleans.  
Speaker 2    00:04:32    Yeah.  
Speaker 0    00:04:33    Yeah. That's where they came from.  
Speaker 1    00:04:34    So there was a lot of rectors in the area.  
Speaker 0    00:04:37    That's where, I guess we get rector down <laugh>.  
Speaker 1    00:04:39    Right.  
Speaker 2    00:04:39    Because we were gonna try to start a museum in that station. 'cause Mr. Emery stayed his daughter a long time ago. Um, he's collected lots of old artifacts, farm artifacts. And he had, it used to be a Civil War journal, uh, jail.  
Speaker 1    00:04:58    Jail,  
Speaker 2    00:04:58    Yeah. And he has writing that's on the wall and all that kind of stuff. But he's collected like 25. I just talking to his wife yesterday. She calls it all junk. But anyway, um, he has his two buildings in the one building. Have you ever been in there? Mm-hmm.  
Speaker 1    00:05:15    I'd love to go in there. Oh  
Speaker 2    00:05:16    My gosh. Dude wouldn't believe it. And he has everything arranged perfectly. And so, and most of the things he has in there we're all horse strip. So it was pretty cool.  
Speaker 1    00:05:27    He really, so he has that building and the, you're talking about the building across the road  
Speaker 2    00:05:31    As well? Mm-hmm <affirmative>. He has in both. Yeah. And the one that's crossed the road is where he has all the everything. And the, the old train station still has all the old books that they had that used to be a store there. Hmm. And they have a lot of the, you know, you owe me whatever, five bucks. Right. Or whatever. And, um, so it's pretty cool, you know.  
Speaker 1    00:05:52    And what happened to the effort to start a museum?  
Speaker 2    00:05:56    Mrs. Emery, Mr. Emery's wife. Um huh. Lemme put it, I'm getting along with better. Um, I get along with, well, but this is just junk to her and it's kind of a, um, headache almost. So she was going through a lot of different things and, uh, Mr. Ery hadn't been deaf that long, so she's getting through that. And once she gets through that, we can start with something good. Because my son had graduated from college, majored in history. So we were gonna let him catalog it all and everything so it could, it could take off. It just a matter. Um, it has to be in her mind. You know, you can't have the owner, you know, not really behind it. She just doesn't. Yeah. She's changed a lot. Um, uh, 'cause with anybody passing, they, you know, things get better and they're clear. And she's starting to, um, expand her mind. Not just that, but everything. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So it's just a matter of time. And everything in life is timing.  
Speaker 1    00:07:16    Well, it's just a gorgeous spot in the building. That's perfect. The building could be amazing.  
Speaker 2    00:07:21    Yeah. That's the thing. But I told, because her son Randy, uh, I'm sure three days, he hasn't shaved in five years. <laugh>. No, no. I'm serious. His beard is down here. He's six foot five. He's not very young either. His hair is white. Um, he's younger than I am, but he looks like 80 mm-hmm <affirmative>. Because of his white. That's, man, don't cut it. It's perfect. That's a year. He's said, you're easy market. That's right. I said, we'll put you on this. They're gonna remember you <laugh>. I said, you look, um, you look better than Colonel Sanders, you know, because you're young. Right. But he, he used to, he was the gardener at Mr. Mellon's for like 30 years. Wow. And he did all those things. So he, he, he himself has studied all the history. Uh, he's really good with, um, he'll go around to people's places and he'll prune their apple trees and that kind of stuff. So he's been to France with people with the gardens. And so it's kind of neat. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And he, he, um, he just loves that kind of stuff down to nature. I'd love to talk to him too. Yeah. I mean, he would be, you know, 'cause I, I wrote a little bit about him, but because the, the, um, uh, museum hasn't taken off. I didn't really push it yet. Right. But he's perfect. Oh my gosh. You know, 'cause he's intelligent and  
Speaker 1    00:08:48    He knows where Yeah.  
Speaker 2    00:08:49    And, uh, and he can walk in there and people could be laughing at him, whatever  
Speaker 3    00:08:55    You'd be, Hey, how's it going? You know? He is, he is. He, he loves it. Yeah. He's not even, he's not even taking back a wee bit, you know, so he is perfect. You know, so, uh, it'll take off. You know, he's, he's also finding his way too. So everything just has to work out. Right. Where do they live? Do they live out there? She lives in, um, Marshall, um, before you get to the railroad tracks in that area mm-hmm <affirmative>. Before you get, uh, to, uh, English Chase. Right. She's like the driveway or two right before that. But I, I have to tell her first. 'cause I've been trying to write about her, you know, these articles and she just won't do it. So I was sitting there at a table yesterday and she would call people whatever they want to do it. Right. And, 'cause she knows all, everybody, I mean, like, people a hundred years old, whatever.  
Speaker 3    00:09:53    And so I said, well, Ms. Maria, I said, you're not gonna do a story, but we're gonna call it Shirley's Travels <laugh>. Because she, you know, she introduced me to all these people. So I said, we're gonna go about it this way. She's laughing. So I ain't quite convinced her yet, but it, it's getting closer, <laugh>. So, um, but she's having fun with it now. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. She's loosened up and it's more, it's more fun for it. Right. And she's starting to a little bit understand Facebook. Not quite, but a little bit, you know. So, um, you know, she and plus people, I write the stories from Facebook, they send her, they mail 'em to her, you know, they print 'em out and mail 'em to her, whatever, pictures and stuff. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And I have members of her family on my face, little friends or whatever. So, um, but she's, she's a good source for people.  
Speaker 3    00:10:49    Right. To find people, you know. 'cause you don't know everybody. Right. And what happens, um, is you meet a person and you start talking to a person and you start following a trail. Now it just takes you, you know, pulls you in. 'cause I was gonna call, um, you might have known Bill and Judy Casey mm-hmm <affirmative>. Because they used to be with my neighbors in where I used to live the farm. And, uh, she had went to Froing Philly. He had the bp, she had like 10 brothers and sisters. Larry Lloyd, who's a big time guy in, I say big time, old time guy in Upperville. He, it was funny 'cause I wrote a story about him and I found out he was on the, um, board in a museum in Berryville. And that's what he does. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So then I found that connection. I had No, but his wife is Judy's sister and they have 10 kids and there's like huge age gap, you know?  
Speaker 3    00:11:51    'cause um, I had no, I, chip Stein is the, the eye doctor, whatever, in Millbury. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. He married Judy's sister. And I was like, good gosh. He's really into older women. 'cause Judy is much older than I am. Right. But because they have so many kids, there's a huge age, it must have been like 20 years between them. Right. So, so there it is just a connection. No, it is. Just, once you get into it, it just keeps, you know, it just, it never stops. Yeah. June Hughes, you know her. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Yeah. Because she was here. We remember we wrote a story about her. Yeah. And uh, 'cause she talks to Dead animals. Yeah. Dead dogs. And, um, 'cause she had the, the dog before her. We got it through June. And I wrote an article by June and, uh, just June didn't know quite how to say that she talked to the animals and how you gonna ride it or whatever.  
Speaker 3    00:12:54    So I wrote it. I was looking at Brownie, which was the dog, and I could tell what Brownie was thinking. So I started talking like Brownie, you know, was talking about her talking, and Brownie was going, I just can't, you know, what, what was she talking about? I can't talk to, so I'm talking to Brownie in the story. <laugh>, I had to get through it somehow. Right. But I, I can, you know, everybody's got their own thing, right? Mm-hmm <affirmative>. You know, so I, whatever. And, uh, because her interpretation, it necessarily wasn't necessarily that she was talking to dead animals. It's like people believe in spirits or whatever. It's more that, you know, than anything, which makes a little sense. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. You know mm-hmm <affirmative>. So takes all. And then we got this dog, uh, couple a month ago. Us 15 years. Yeah. And, um, he  
Speaker 1    00:13:49    Looks comfortable. <laugh>,  
Speaker 3    00:13:52    But, and so you're involved with the museum. The  
Speaker 1    00:13:56    Museum is gonna be where the pink box is.  
Speaker 3    00:13:58    Yeah. I know. 'cause I had interviewed, who's the executive director? Suzanne. Suzanne. Yeah. 'cause she had talked to me about using possibly some of the stories I've written or whatever mm-hmm <affirmative>. And, uh, Mrs. Lewis was my seventh grade teacher. And she's the one that's been the main force. Right. That got it going. That's right. Yeah. And, um, 'cause I was gonna do an article on her. And, um, a couple things. I'm not gonna tell you my age, <laugh>, you're not gonna find that out until I die. And, uh, she wouldn't, lemme take a picture, would not. And she didn't understand Facebook for anything, you know. And, um, so we laughed. We talked about it. And, um, but I got it in my head, you know, all of our conversations. I wrote it down somewhere. And, um, but with her being the center or whatever of the museum, it makes it more to me.  
Speaker 3    00:15:00    It may, it makes it more doable. Where, 'cause it, 'cause you probably know with Middleburg, there is like a cultural, there's huge swings. Locals, this person, that person and, um, Mrs. Lewis would bring the, uh, the upping this out of it, I think mm-hmm <affirmative>. It would make it legit more authentic. Yeah. Because she was so determined. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. She didn't have a reason to bring in business. She didn't have any of that. She just wanted to save the history. Right. You know, so that's a lot of reasons I write about a lot of the people because there a lot of 'em are passing mm-hmm <affirmative>. And the history is disappearing fast. Yeah. That's why we're doing this as well. Yeah. And it's, it's kind of, 'cause it, it's, I was talking to somebody the other day, it's like when you walk down the street, you know, I used to be in the horse business.  
Speaker 3    00:15:58    80% of the people I worked with, whatever have passed away. Yeah. 'cause I had, when I was younger, of course the owners were older and everything else, and everybody was older, but they're gone. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And it sure takes the fun out of it. You know, I don't do the horses anymore. So it's, uh, but that's, you know, but that's part of life. But, uh, so you are looking for people to do, 'cause people to always ask me, why didn't you record the person when you I just take notes. Right. And write it. You know. So I never thought about and probably wouldn't do it anyway. 'cause some lady I talked to, she's doing a podcast or something. Oh yeah. I that the Middle Bird podcast. I talked to her, what, two days ago? Yesterday. And, um, you know, she came to me and wanted to podcasts.  
Speaker 3    00:16:54    Um, um, you know, when I write stories, I try to write on older people. Yeah. 'cause I mean, younger people accomplish things too. But older people are kind of neat because when you start it off, it's a whole different way of life. They're riding horses mm-hmm <affirmative>. To go to work or school or whatever. Um, and they saw the changes. And um, um, it's interesting with the black people, Mrs. Lewis being one of them, um, they don't complain about things. You know, how they were or whatever. They don't do that. Well, Mrs. Lewis ones right in your face, didn't, she didn't care what color you were in school and you better tow the line <laugh> or you were in trouble. Said you was the only person kicked me outta school. <laugh>. Seriously, she bust out laughing. It was just over nothing. She goes, well, I didn't mean it, but, um, anyway, it's, um, but that's the great thing about the area, if you can capture it, is, um, there's really, um, no difference in the money or color or whatever.  
Speaker 3    00:18:10    It's all, if you get in that core of people, it's kind of that nobody, you know, 'cause I'm, I, I interviewed one guy. They wouldn't let me write the story. They were actually in the, sit-in at the coach stop the, when John F. Kennedy was there. 'cause they wanted to get arrested. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. They were working with the national naacp, but they just ignored them. Right. They didn't do anything. So they went to another restaurant. They just ignored him too. So, no, they, but a month later he said something must have happened because after that they could go into any restaurant and get served. Yeah. So, but again, they didn't have any Ill, whatever. 'cause I had used to manage, um, blue Ridge Farm in Upperville. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And her mother, her father, the, um, the wife's parents also had worked at Blue Ridge Farm. So I came up kind of the same kind of thing.  
Speaker 3    00:19:13    But they eventually moved to Upperville. 'cause there was a one room black school in Upperville. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. But there wasn't a, a high school in Folkier. You, you had to go somewhere else. And Jack that wrote a story about, um, Mr. Brooks who's in Upperville, uh, he had to drive a bus in Loudoun so he could go to school so he could get there. I wrote, just wrote a story about Mr. Grant in Rectortown mm-hmm <affirmative>. And she had to go to Manasas to go to, and she was my bus driver when school integrated. So she just didn't, she didn't care. You know, I mean, that's the way she was. She didn't care. So, um, so it's all whatever. And, um, but I started writing the, the stories one, because some people just don't think they've accomplished anything or they've made a difference, you know? 'cause you'll start talking to 'em.  
Speaker 3    00:20:12    They're like, what do you want to talk to me about? And it takes a while. Then they finally, it opens, and then when it opens, then you got it. You just gotta, you gotta try to get notes down fast enough. Yeah. So it's, um, that, and then when Middleburg Bank, um, sold there became so much negative energy. 'cause it said, oh, the town's changed, blah, blah, blah, blah. I was like, well, there's still a lot of good people here. It's just, you know, little per bank. It did change for the worst. 'cause she'd been a member for like 50 years. And Yeah. It's just, yeah, he did. Yeah.  
Speaker 0    00:20:53    I mean, I called to get my, um, balance to the other bank or to the one that took him over. They couldn't give it to me. And I said, how come we don't have your birthdate? I said, I've been dealing with this thing for 60 years.  
Speaker 3    00:21:10    Well, well they loaned the money to buy the house. Half of it. Yeah.  
Speaker 0    00:21:14    Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And I, they said, well, I'm sorry we can't do it. You'll have to go to Middleburg and give them your birthday now. Can you believe?  
Speaker 3    00:21:24    So it's, it that had, well that's all banks. They've all changed. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. You know, when Middleburg Bank became a bunch of banks, it was, they kind of start changing. Right. And before you could, you know, you knew everybody in the bank when you walked in.  
Speaker 0    00:21:40    I know. Oh, you had to do, oh, I remember when I had a business in Middleburg. Um, I needed some money. So I went to John Palmer, he was the vice president then. And I said, John, I need a $1,500 loan. And I said, and I don't want to have my husband have to sign for it. Okay. I got it. <laugh>. But years ago you had have the husband sign for it, remember? Well, you probably don't remember how, um, how long had you been here before you started, uh, work? Taking him to the store? Oh, golly. Um, 10 years Mark, maybe. No, I, I can't remember. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Um, Angela was,  
Speaker 3    00:22:28    Oh, it must have been about 10 years. We  
Speaker 0    00:22:30    Moved here and she was about maybe six or seven years. I don't know. I could, I'd have to look it up. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. It is been so long mm-hmm <affirmative>. And we were there for 20 years. What, describe what kind of place it was when you first Oh, we sold everything from suit to jeans. It was a country store, you know, with the people that would come in and sit in the chair and then had the candy in the glass. And, um, coldest beer in town. Of course it was the only beer in town, <laugh>. And, um, it was just fun  
Speaker 3    00:23:13    Because back then it was Rector's Crossroads. Right. Middleburg, Upperville, Marshall, everybody came through here. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. It was totally different. And, um, then, um, I mean, the horse people, it was like, they'd get up off from the track. They'd be at the, the store. They'd come there from lunch or the beer or whatever. And, um, so it started changing when like, you had Walmarts and those come in when a store like that, they couldn't buy things cheaper than you could buy 'em at Walmart. Right. So they started putting Right. All the stores kind of went outta the business country stores, but they started serving sandwiches. Right. That was what I thing say, you know, was they went into the food Cru. So  
Speaker 1    00:24:01    You went much, much more to the food market.  
Speaker 0    00:24:04    Yeah. We, he had filled lots and lots of sandwiches mm-hmm <affirmative>.  
Speaker 1    00:24:08    And was that, was there a sandwich? Uh, was there a deli there when you went in there?  
Speaker 0    00:24:14    No. No. Actually we weren't even supposed to sell sandwiches, I don't think. But nobody ever came, checked us. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. But we still lot mm-hmm <affirmative>. Because it was the only place around you'd have for people to come. Right. Unless they went to Middleburg or  
Speaker 3    00:24:30    Upperville. So where are you from?  
Speaker 1    00:24:33    Uh, well I live in  
Speaker 3    00:24:34    Rectortown. Oh, I know that. But where are you from?  
Speaker 1    00:24:37    Uh, everywhere. My dad was Army. He worked for overseas. So moved. And moved and moved. And I've actually lived in Middleburg longer than I've lived anywhere.  
Speaker 0    00:24:49    Oh really?  
Speaker 1    00:24:49    Because we moved so much and then I came back to the US to go to college and then went overseas again. Came back different places. And then when I came, came to this area in, uh, 98. So  
Speaker 3    00:25:04    They've been here a while. Yeah. So why are you doing this?  
Speaker 1    00:25:08    Because I'm working for the museum.  
Speaker 3    00:25:11    There you go. But why the museum? What do you mean? I mean, why do you want to start working for the museum?  
Speaker 1    00:25:18    Oh, I've done oral histories in, in different capacities. So I lived in Pittsburgh for a while and I went to Pitt in the anthropology department. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. For graduate school a little bit. I didn't graduate, but I had a lot of classes there. So I'm a journalist mm-hmm <affirmative>. And I took the classes to help me get more interview techniques. And then while I was there, I started, um, doing some interviews in town. So Pittsburgh's a big steel city. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And that was changing. And they wanted to capture again, like you're saying, the town had changed for the worst. The, it's,  
Speaker 3    00:25:56    It's, but didn't say we changed for the worst. We've changed. Well,  
Speaker 1    00:26:00    The, the town, right. And it wasn't all for the worst, but the town had changed because there wasn't the employment, the traditional employment. The bottom had have fallen out of that. And now they've sort of filled that in. And Pittsburgh is, is doing well. But there were whole communities that had a real, um, PR problem. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And they had people leaving and, um, they were very, uh, they were immigrant communities. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. They had a lot of history. People had come there from other places, and then other people had come in and gentrified them. So they wanted to start an oral history project in the different communities. And it was a huge project. They're, um, 147 municipalities in Allegheny County alone. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Um, so I had, you know, five or so municipalities that I went into did. And I hadn't done it for a while. Then I came to Washington and I worked in TV and newspapers and then moved out here when my kid was born. And  
Speaker 3    00:27:02    What's the difference between the oral history and written?  
Speaker 1    00:27:07    The, the difference between oral history and written history is when you write a history, it's a lot of different, it's a lot of different sources. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And you're taking literal facts. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And marrying them into one.  
Speaker 3    00:27:20    Mm-hmm <affirmative>. I'm talking about a person, just a local regular person. You know, if you read the article or you interviewed them, what would be the difference?  
Speaker 1    00:27:30    Just the medium. Mm-hmm  
Speaker 3    00:27:31    <affirmative>. So how do you, just  
Speaker 1    00:27:34    The medium. I mean, it depends on whether or not I like to go in and I've read some of your stories too, and I think you do the same thing. You, you don't put a twist on it. You don't go in there looking for a story. You go in there and look for their story. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And because I, I really think that every single person has a story. Oh, yes. And many, many stories in every house. There's Yeah. A book, <laugh>. Exactly. So I think especially in a project like this, the, the point of the museum is to represent the community. And there are so many different voices in this community mm-hmm <affirmative>. So it's, you know, and I've just started. So like you say, you talk to one person and then you get three more people and then you start getting people who are telling you the same event from different point of view. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So I worked for America's Most Wanted. And even though those events are very charged, you know, a murder, a kidnapping, still, everyone you talk to at the scene has a different perspective. That's  
Speaker 3    00:28:48    Right. That's right. There's a different truth. Everybody's all different, right? Yeah.  
Speaker 1    00:28:51    Right. Because they're looking at things that are important to them. You know, the mother's got a much different perspective or how she's looking or what she's looking out for than the policeman who is on the scene. So, so that's sort of the same thing, taking a look at Middleburg,  
Speaker 3    00:29:10    That's like Chris, I think the lady's name is, that's doing the Middleburg podcast. So I've tried to find it. I can't, I've never been able to find it, but there's like a million of these things, podcasts. I was like, good grief. This is crazy. I mean, I, they're just there. I mean, about everything. I was like, wow. I had no idea. 'cause I had asked her, what's the podcast? Right. I've never used the podcast. And, um, it's like, good gosh, everybody's doing it, isn't it? You know? Well I'm  
Speaker 1    00:29:43    Not doing  
Speaker 3    00:29:43    A podcast, but I mean, you know, it's like, wow.  
Speaker 1    00:29:47    So the, I think the museum is using these voices to craft the story of Middleburg and the paint box is going to be expanded so that the, the current footprint, uh, a building similar to that will be built next door and then there'll be a connecting corridor. And I think the idea is that because it's a small space, you won't be able to have a lot of things on the wall and a lot of stuff. But you'll be able to have a lot of voices. Yeah. And they'll be able, you'll be able to hopefully over time, get a big enough picture of different segments of Middleburg that you could have, um, different stories told from.  
Speaker 3    00:30:37    Because like the local papers, however many there are in my short Sure. It's like they write about all the same people at different times. You ever notice that? You know what I mean? It's like, oh gosh, there's another one. Right. And it's, they just never get out of the whatever. I, I was like, wow. And it's, um, that would be the good thing if you got out of this, that with your museum is to get out of the people that are gonna be expecting you to write about mm-hmm <affirmative>. But to get into just,  
Speaker 1    00:31:10    Well, it's the supporting characters. Right. Right. That make a, that make a place. Right. It's not just the star of the show. Yeah. It's, it's the people who are supporting that. The people who are having ideas, the people who are succeeding and the people who are failing. Mm-hmm  
Speaker 3    00:31:25    <affirmative>. You know, that's the point. Why did  
Speaker 1    00:31:27    People leave  
Speaker 3    00:31:27    There? There was the Pete, the homeless. I don't know why. Homeless Pete, the, um, you know, he used to hang around here. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I dunno where he is going. I haven't seen him. I haven't seen him in a while either. But we'll be sitting in church and there was the other kid, Tommy, he sits in the parking lot all the time. I haven't seen him. Yeah. They chased him out there. But anyway, we'll be sitting in Bible school and somehow he always comes up his name. 'cause you can see him through the window and, uh, he should be over here. And they started judging. I said, well, maybe then two. And so I hadn't been for like, about five weeks. So they send me a message, where are you? I said, I've been hanging out with Tommy <laugh>. <laugh>,  
Speaker 3    00:32:13    But he could probably tell you as much about Middleburg as anybody. Oh, more. Yeah. And then I, because I went over and I said, all right, I'm going over there right now. I'm gonna invite him over here to church or whatever. Boom. I went over there and he was working for seven Loaves, the people that give out money, out food or whatever in church. And, uh, he said, I'm not going over there. I said, you know what? I don't really blame you, it's just, I kind of know what you're talking about a little bit. And so I went back in there and I said, you know, but I'm gonna tell you the truth. I believe he would give me more or help me more if really push came to shove than any of y'all in this room. You are like, what do you mean? I said, because you got more and you like it. You know, you don't want to give it up. And they were like, damn. But it was true. The less you have, the more you give it away, you know. So what church  
Speaker 0    00:33:05    Do  
Speaker 3    00:33:06    You go to? Middleburg Baptist. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And, uh, you know, so that's a great church. You can find some people there. We're gonna do a scholarship. Oh. We always have done a scholarship. But, um, the lady that that's named after was a member there for 80 years. I mean, same church, 80 years. Good. Gosh. And, uh, who's that? Nelly, um, oh gosh. Nelly. Nelly. I forget her last name. I should wrote about. And, uh, I just talked to her, her daughter, her granddaughter. She lives in, um, Florida. She has great big PR firm. She actually promotes islands, the Caribbean islands. So, um, so she started to remember,  
Speaker 0    00:33:57    We really must find out what happened to Pete now that s name. 'cause he was always down here on the corner waiting for a ride. And they lived down  
Speaker 3    00:34:06    In you ask Raymond, that's his nephew. Yeah. Cousin or brother-in-law saw whatever. Yeah.  
Speaker 0    00:34:12    Now a lot of people would come there and wait to get a ride for work. No, he would just come every day. He didn't get  
Speaker 3    00:34:18    A car. Yeah. He didn't, he he had schizophrenic there. He was. Yeah. He was something. And, um,  
Speaker 0    00:34:24    He had to go get his shots. He would tell his bed.  
Speaker 3    00:34:27    He was, um, not stable enough to, you know, and um, but it was, he would  
Speaker 0    00:34:35    Completely harmless. You know, he would just wait for someone  
Speaker 3    00:34:39    Was going toward. But we, we've had bums ourself anyway. Oh, I know  
Speaker 0    00:34:42    Exactly what you mean. Yeah.  
Speaker 3    00:34:43    Yeah. But we had bums ourself, like single sight and blue oil, <laugh>. Oh. I mean, just like anywhere else, like a big town, you know, you just, you have to call the cops on 'em every now  
Speaker 0    00:34:55    Single side. He'd say, I just don't know why you don't like me with me <laugh>, because I can't stand. You sit on the porch and beg people.  
Speaker 3    00:35:06    Yeah. I done to come and begging.  
Speaker 0    00:35:08    Did did he call himself single or did you  
Speaker 3    00:35:11    Tell him that? No, did I thought, what was the, what was the big lady's name? She lived behind. I know, but didn't she say something like, tell him single said hello or something like that single sign. Yeah.  
Speaker 0    00:35:22    Yeah. I think she probably, yeah, she's the woman that lived behind. Now's in other holes  
Speaker 3    00:35:27    Then. And she shot at him. I know. Oh, she did? She had a gun in her Brasier. <laugh>. No kidding. She weighed about 400 pounds. Yeah. Easily. And he would go back there and stay with her sometimes. And then  
Speaker 0    00:35:39    When Dan went out the back door and there she was chasing him up? No, he was running up the, the, from the house. And she was after him. And he would turn around and say, Louis, Louis, is it all right if I come back tomorrow?  
Speaker 3    00:35:54    <laugh>, after she shot him. After she shot at him. Oh gosh.  
Speaker 0    00:35:59    It's tobacco, red <laugh>.  
Speaker 3    00:36:02    And then it was Billy Bolden, his girlfriend or somebody. Then they kept backing into his car. Right. Ram in his car. Oh yeah.  
Speaker 0    00:36:09    That's helpful. He  
Speaker 3    00:36:11    Was  
Speaker 0    00:36:12    He laughing about it. Like, it really was funny though. But what did he do?  
Speaker 3    00:36:18    Think it was his girlfriend? I guess he met his girlfriend back.  
Speaker 0    00:36:20    Yes. He would, um, stay away day. And then he'd, she would sit on the front of the porch and she would do the, the back, you know, the  
Speaker 3    00:36:30    Paddle ball. The paddle  
Speaker 0    00:36:31    Ball and just sit there for hours and do that. What do we call her? Miss Fage? That's what we call her. Miss Fum again. <laugh>. Um, they lived behind the store. She and Mr. Grother  
Speaker 3    00:36:51    Because we used to have another cottage out here and we had tenants out here. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. As well. Well, we have one now, but we had some wild tenants.  
Speaker 0    00:37:01    Wild tenants.  
Speaker 3    00:37:02    Yeah.  
Speaker 0    00:37:04    For $50 a month. You can imagine. And they were here when we moved in Uhhuh, <affirmative>. And you'd have thought that we were interrupting them, you know, so, so you inherited the tenants? Yeah. Well, um, yeah, it was, they were something to get out. But uh, and the one that lived over here, she was something, she was single and she had a boyfriend whose wife got in there one night and she stayed all night. Mom saying whatever his name was. You gotta come out of this house. You gotta come out of this house. You gonna to the Sam if you don't go out there. I out there <laugh>. Oh yeah. And my father said, this is one time your mother didn't exaggerate because she hated it. We moved up here. 'cause we had lived very close to them. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. They'd come up every evening to see the kids. You know, he said, not, I don't worry about Jane and Santa. There's four pitiful little children. <laugh>, they both came to die in this house. Yeah.  
Speaker 3    00:38:16    And they, my parents, they're buried in Upperville. In fact, our great great greatgrandfather, or mine is buried in Ville. And they, he owned the oldest house in up the Buck Rose House on the other side of town. And then, um, so they, your family's been here for like mm-hmm <affirmative>. <affirmative>. My father was from Charlottesville. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. But,  
Speaker 1    00:38:38    Uh, and so you were living closer into Washington, but you came out this way?  
Speaker 0    00:38:43    Fact, yeah. We were in er  
Speaker 1    00:38:44    Max. Mm-hmm  
Speaker 0    00:38:45    <affirmative>. Fairfax County. Yeah.  
Speaker 3    00:38:48    We, uh, because your father painted Oh yeah. Kennedy's house,  
Speaker 0    00:38:52    That token, they were building a,  
Speaker 3    00:38:55    That Wexford for  
Speaker 0    00:38:57    Kennedy. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. He was a painter. And he came, helped paint that house for, they weren't here when we moved in. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. They'd already done well, I guess. No, he hadn't been. Yeah. He had been assassinated.  
Speaker 3    00:39:11    Mm-hmm <affirmative>.  
Speaker 1    00:39:13    By the time you moved here.  
Speaker 0    00:39:15    Yeah. 'cause I remember being, um, at home in Fairfax and uh, I just heard it on the TV or something. And two women came to the door trying to sell encyclopedias. And I said, don't you realize the president has just been assassinated? You know, I couldn't believe they were, maybe they had, they didn't  
Speaker 1    00:39:36    Know. Probably, probably not. Not everybody had a news  
Speaker 3    00:39:39    Machine. Yeah, that's right. Oh my gosh. Right. Yeah.  
Speaker 0    00:39:42    I don't have one of those <laugh>.  
Speaker 1    00:39:44    So your father was a painter in Warrenton? Mm-hmm <affirmative>.  
Speaker 0    00:39:47    No, in in, they lived in Fair Maxx. They  
Speaker 3    00:39:50    Lived in Fair. They lived out here for a while because he graduated.  
Speaker 1    00:39:52    You grew up in Warrenton?  
Speaker 0    00:39:54    No, I was born  
Speaker 1    00:39:55    In Warrenton. You were born in Warrenton? Yeah. And then  
Speaker 0    00:39:57    They moved there and then Yeah, I, I was all over Marshall.  
Speaker 3    00:40:01    Well, she was born in Warrenton. Her brother was born in Marshall. One was born in Plains. Wherever they lived. Yeah. They popped out <laugh>. So it was, and her grandparents are buried in, um, a farm. Uh, shady Hill. Shady Valley. That Shady Valley. It's on, um, it's Gray Meadow Dermis.  
Speaker 1    00:40:25    Oh.  
Speaker 3    00:40:25    Oh. Actually it's on Suzanne's Road. She lives right out there. Right,  
Speaker 1    00:40:30    Right.  
Speaker 0    00:40:30    That's my cousin lives in <inaudible>. Uhhuh  
Speaker 1    00:40:33    <affirmative>.  
Speaker 0    00:40:35    He's the last cousin <laugh>.  
Speaker 1    00:40:37    So, so when the, the store was, uh, a real meeting place. And I would come by and there would be lots of people hanging out. And I think that they were there. They would get a job for the day. People would know that there would be people who were available to work and they'd come through. Yeah.  
Speaker 3    00:40:57    Existed. They would, everybody had a job, basically. They worked on farms or they  
Speaker 1    00:41:02    Had a job and they just Great. Would get  
Speaker 3    00:41:04    A ride. We just had a few people that didn't have a job and they weren't single, wasn't going to get a job. He just was, panhandle was his job. But, um, no, everybody worked around here. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. A lot of people worked like Palm Men and the racetrack. Med Bird train Center. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So it was just local farms. Right. Mainly. Yeah.  
Speaker 0    00:41:26    <inaudible>.  
Speaker 1    00:41:30    That always messes it up. I don't know how to turn that off.  
Speaker 3    00:41:33    To turn what off?  
Speaker 1    00:41:34    If, if the phone rings it  
Speaker 3    00:41:36    Oh, gets recorded. Oh, I didn't know you're tapping. Thank us. <laugh>. Oh. So how do you do the interviews?  
Speaker 1    00:41:45    I just sit and talk to people.  
Speaker 3    00:41:46    Oh. Oh. I didn't know where we're being interviewed, but, um, anyway, um, um,  
Speaker 3    00:41:59    Well, usually I'm asking the questions. I just keep asking questions. Right? No, you're asking the questions. I don't know what, what you're, the answers that you're looking for or whatever. But, um, 'cause we've been a member, I guess the Middleburg Church. I've been going there off and on for eight, since I was eight, I guess. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And like right now I'm off. I haven't even gone. But it's the same people that run it. And when I go back in there, it's just like, I was never not there. <laugh>, you know, just walk right back in the, just 'cause I've been married there had our kids, Kristin there, like dad was buried there. Oh. Funeral. And, uh, so it's kind of big. And  
Speaker 1    00:42:40    The grandson's funeral was there, Deb,  
Speaker 3    00:42:43    But it's almost the same identical service when I was eight. 'cause the method is how it's a method. Right. And it's pretty much a method. So, um, sometimes it doesn't inspire you, you know? So I go out and get my energy somewhere else sometimes. And 'cause it's like, um, uh, writing about people, whatever, it touches them somehow. And, 'cause sometimes it's difficult when you write about people like Mrs. Grant, her son had just died, you know, now you're in a bad spot. 'cause he's, his funeral hasn't even happened yet. So now you're writing the story. And now her son's in it. So you know, her daughter's reading it. Her daughter-in-law, probably her grandkids. 'cause they're older, so now you gotta write it. Whoa. You know? So, and they've written some that, uh, um, about they're spouses that had just died. So now it's, you know, still the same. So,  
Speaker 1    00:43:49    And you put them on Facebook. That's how you share them. Mm-hmm  
Speaker 3    00:43:51    <affirmative>. And, um,  
Speaker 1    00:43:53    And when did you start doing that?  
Speaker 3    00:43:56    Um, probably about three years ago. Four years ago. I, we were started doing this house, redoing this house. It was 2015. And I just started taking pictures and people just liked them. I don't know why, but they just liked it. But then my father passed away and while I was working, I took a picture of her once and just whatever, I don't know what it was, but everybody liked it. I was like, huh, what's that? So I got her a hard hat. I don't know where it is. Yeah. And so I made it look like she helped, was helping us <laugh>. You know? I know. I saw that picture. Like she was driving the truck or Yeah. Whatever. And, uh, so just every time you get the hat and take a <laugh>, so, so it kind of grew. And then I wrote, the first store I wrote about it was the girl that worked in Cindy worked in the, um, millwork.  
Speaker 3    00:44:50    Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Because after all that negative was coming out in the Middleburg Uncensored, um, I figured she would be about the best person to expose that. There are people that have been here, that are still here. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. That are still the exact same as they were when you first met 'em 30 years ago. Right. You know, she hasn't changed. You know, I was in there today buying stuff. Me too. And, um, and because I went, I go, I usually just go right there. I don't even mess with anybody else. I said, I need the best, whatever it is to do this. And she, and we looked around the store for a while. She always does. And we found it, you know, so, and it did work. So, um, so we started with her and everybody liked it. I was like, huh. So then we were coming outta the Safeway and, um, Wiley, Helen Wiley, she was there.  
Speaker 3    00:45:51    So she started talking. And so I said, huh, I'll try her. 'cause everybody likes Helen Wally. I did that one. Everybody liked it. So I just, it just took off. And I wanted to become a better writer. So, um, by doing it. And I, 'cause I hate to edit. 'cause you know how sometimes when you write, you're thinking in the head what you're said, but you wrote it different, you know, and, but you don't see that. So I don't always pick up the, hes, you know, plus I ride, I was riding just a, my phone just popping right on my no computer or nothing. So we did that for a while. And I had ridden actually, like for the Millbrook Life and around horse country, a bunch of other publications about the horse industry. 'cause I was in that for like 40 years. And what'd you do in the horse industry?  
Speaker 3    00:46:45    Um, I managed Blue Ridge Farm for a while. Um, broke horses. We trained horses. We've won about a hundred races out of that field out there. 'cause the neighbors let us use the, the field. And, um, I was racehorse consultant, worked in the Watergate for a couple years. It was crazy. Um, I was field director. So we, I managed the whole Breeders fund in the state. So truthfully, in that position, everybody had to come, come through me if he came to Virginia. Right. So I picked up business. They were, which way? 'cause they had stallions. We had the stallion at Blue Ridge that had the most mayors ever. And, uh, got to meet Paul Mellon. 'cause he was, the rugby was next, next door. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Took me about three years to meet him. But he finally had won, uh, the Kentucky Derby. And I was right in front of the Democrat.  
Speaker 3    00:47:45    So I said, I'm gonna write a really good story about this and I'm gonna get, and sure enough, next week the secretary called me up. He's, he'll meet he this, he'll meet you. He, they gave me 10 minutes to meet him. I was, I was good with that. I stayed like four hours <laugh>. You know, we just talked and talked and, um, what'd you talk about? Well, everything, just about everything. It was kind of neat. And, um, but at the time I was working for Jim Wilson to help him get the racetrack in Northern Virginia. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So the object was to get Mr. Mellon to say that Northern Virginia would be good to have a racetrack. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And he goes, well I don't want hit in Northern Virginia. He goes, I wouldn't get anybody, you know, to work with. I said, man, are you crazy? I said, everybody wants to work here.  
Speaker 3    00:48:39    I said, you can build a racetrack right across the street and it's not gonna affect you at all. But, uh, you know, he said, but he apologized. He goes, you know, mark, I'm just not gonna tell you that, you know, but he was right. He, all the problems he said would happen in Virginia. 30 years later they were happened almost to the t like what it happened. He said, there's shortage of horses. Um, Virginia really probably not gonna sustain the horses. Um, uh, the racetrack was built in the wrong area and Colonial Downs, which is near Richmond. And um, but he just knew how people are, how they kind of fight about things. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. You know, you need this type of gambling casinos to make it go or whatever. And um, it was funny 'cause I was working for Jim Wilson. We formed a group here in this house.  
Speaker 3    00:49:40    It was Northern Virginians against Colonial Downs because we didn't want the racetrack down there. So we formed group Donna Rogers all over 'em. We they what, once a week they'd come here and meet. So I would, once they, the racetrack was selected in, in Virginia, I said, I'm not gonna meet anymore. 'cause now it's there. And I said, I'm gonna support it. 'cause that's, you know, that's all we have. So then I got hired as the executive director of the S Fund and the Horseman's relations, whatever. And then I got out of the horse business probably like 15 years later. And I didn't know the racetrack wasn't running. Um, 'cause they weren't fighting with the horsemen. The owner that I fought hired me. <laugh> given this great job Right. To fight the very people that I fought to keep him out <laugh>. And I told him it's 'cause I was like, this is the craziest thing ever. <laugh>. So for two years, I wasn't there quite two years. I worked with him to try. They, they couldn't work out whatever. Where  
Speaker 1    00:50:49    Did they wanna put the racetrack here?  
Speaker 3    00:50:51    He wanted to build in Prince William, Jim Wilson. And, uh, Joe De Francis wanted to build one. And um, I was probably near Lee birth out that way somewhere. And um, but it just didn't, it didn't take hold. But now they're getting casino gambling in Virginia. Everything. They're opening up what, five new casinos?  
Speaker 1    00:51:14    Yeah. Why couldn't they have a track both places if people were willing to run it?  
Speaker 3    00:51:18    Um, it became very political. And Jim Wilson wasn't very well liked. Do you know him? You know how he is. And I'll tell him right up straight. I said, you know what Mr. Wilson? I said, you used to break courses for him, have stallions for him. So I said, if anybody reminded me of Donald Trump, it's you, <laugh>. It's true. Think about it. You know how he is. He'd, he'd walk in a room and he didn't care if he was the only person that thought something. He didn't care. You know? And uh, 'cause when they were getting, doing the racetrack, uh, selections, colonial Downs was on there. He goes, colonial Downs is a great name. Colonial means I go to your country, take everything you have and take it out. But he was right because they hated the owner that I went to work for. And, but that's what he was, you know, he was just boom right in your face. But I admired that actually. Yeah. You get  
Speaker 1    00:52:20    A lot done that way.  
Speaker 3    00:52:21    Yeah. Yeah. Because he just fell and broke his hip. Yeah. I really on Facebook. And uh, but he was, and he was something. And uh, so we tried that for a while. It didn't work. I worked for the Graysons at Blue Ridge, um, farm. I did that for I guess a couple years. And, um, um, we did that. And then, um, I guess I had horses for the Firestones. I, we won a lot of races. Um, it was a lot of fun. But each year the horses stayed the same age. I got a year old, they used to break 'em and they used to break me. So I was, forget this. And um, so when I came back here and fixed this place up, first thing I knew was take down the boxes. I wanted to get rid of the horses. 'cause they're like beavers. One, they eat everything. Well, we're close to Route 50 and seven 13. And if it got out on the road and something happened, but it's just, it's uh, like I said, most of the people that I had worked with that passed away. So it takes all the fun out of it, you know, before you, it would be exciting, you know, but now it's like whatever. But, um, so  
Speaker 1    00:53:39    Who, who are the people that are, because there's still love racing around here and some training. There is some trainers.  
Speaker 3    00:53:47    Um, maybe 'cause I'm not in it and I'm not quite as aware of it. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Now look at it as for what it is. 'cause this is Paul Mellon. 'cause he said, you know, mark, he said, my father and this never got into it. 'cause he told me, well, everybody knows one horse is faster than the other. <laugh>. He's right. You know. And it was funny 'cause we were looking at the pictures on his wall and, uh, all the paintings. I said, well, where are your horses? And, and then he had all these great artists and whatever. Oh. And uh, he, he just kind of mumbled something. Then he remember he brought this book and gave me one with Silver Spoon. And then he goes, and my niece naive bet she was, she asked me where my horses were. <laugh>, same thing. I asked him. <laugh>. But, uh, anyway, anyway, it's um, but life is, um,  
Speaker 1    00:54:44    So there were a lot more horse farms? Bigger.  
Speaker 3    00:54:47    Oh yeah. Oh, back then I broke horses all day. I just drive all day from farm to farm to farm. Now you've gone from horse farms to vineyards. You know, that's a new space. They're not gonna build a horse farm. This is gonna build horse farm. You know, it's, it just not gonna happen. But before, like my father had horses, guy across the street had horses and bring good Charlestown, whatever and raced their horses and have fun. But it, it's kind of, you know, just whatever reason. One you had a hotter time finding help. 'cause it's kind of a dying trait. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. To a certain extent. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And that's another reason I write. 'cause it used to have, it used to have professional grooms and I hate to say black guys, but they were black guys. But they loved it, you know? Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And they were really good at it.  
Speaker 3    00:55:42    And it was kind of neat 'cause I walked into that world and they always respected you for whatever reason. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. I don't know why. And um, 'cause I've written about it. Quite a few of 'em. Right. And uh, read the paper. Bush ride At Bush Ride. Yeah. He died, passed away. He was at Green once he Mm. Yeah. He actually helped build Safeway. I, I've interviewed him and I found that out. I had no idea he helped build, 'cause he was in old law, you know, the horse business. He was kind of trying to get out of it. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So he was helping build. But then after that he was like, he got back into it. He couldn't, couldn't take it anymore. So he got back through the horses and um, you know, so you find out things like that. And um,  
Speaker 1    00:56:25    Did it get more expensive? Is that why people have stopped? Um,  
Speaker 0    00:56:32    Well yeah I guess everything has.  
Speaker 3    00:56:34    Yeah, everything has. But yeah,  
Speaker 0    00:56:36    I mean debts have probably gone up. Barriers probably. Everything has gotten more  
Speaker 3    00:56:41    Expensive. Well it's like Charlestown, do you ever go to Charlestown? Mm-hmm <affirmative> to the horses or the casinos? Oh  
Speaker 1    00:56:48    To the horses.  
Speaker 3    00:56:49    Yeah. But you know how you get lost in the casinos trying to get to the horses.  
Speaker 1    00:56:54    I don't think I've been there since the casino was built.  
Speaker 3    00:56:57    You haven't been there in a while. Mm-hmm. That's what the point. That's your point. It used to be fun to go up there, you know, I don't know why. It just seems like it was so much fun. Now it's not. It just, you know mm-hmm <affirmative>. To me it's not, you know, 'cause it's not about, you don't know who was up there, whatever. But used to be mom and pops, you know, everybody was competing against everybody. Right. So, and the point points, um, that takes even more money probably. 'cause you're not running for money is a problem, you know? Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So, and we had started a series of races, um, um, to give Virginia breads money and they've kept that program going, which was important because the one thing, um, that's hurt Virginia racing, it's like Maryland. They almost raced year round. Virginia raced two weeks.  
Speaker 3    00:57:56    Mm-hmm <affirmative>. But the idea was what we were trying to create was that if you gave away money at the point points, hunt meets and then you had different meets during the year at Colonial, if a person had opportunity to run year round, regardless of if they're running every day, because a horse can only run so often anyway. Right. Um, you could create more opportunities for them to make money. And, and we also wanted to make a sport. 'cause in Virginia what we used to do here, as soon as it got cold and turn horses up 'cause ground was frozen. 'cause we would train out in the field and you wait till February 15th and you'd start 'em back in training again and you'd go with it. And that way if Virginia, let's say your first meet was in March and then your last was like in November mm-hmm <affirmative>. Then you would have that break, you know, and then you would turn it back to a support. So we, that's the concept we were trying, but it didn't really take off. But um, they're doing it now. They're kind of doing that. Yeah. It  
Speaker 1    00:59:04    Was a new group that's,  
Speaker 3    00:59:05    Well, I mean Virginia racing, but I used to be with that group and they had to find 'em. Like I had to go out and get sponsors to get money to run at the point to points stuff. I literally went out and got it 'cause they weren't gonna give it up. And then it started working. 'cause Keith put up 20 grand remember? And, and we were, we had a committee, committee of three me, Keith early, and, um, Willow Keith the announcer. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So he had a lot of pull with things and then we got it going. So they kept going. And um, and then we had a, a race member of the race that we created with Donna Hayes with the Blue and Gray Stakes. It was between Virginia and West Virginia. And, um, we and John Warner, we got him. We went down there and Senator by, and they made a bet.  
Speaker 3    00:59:57    Um, I don't believe that, apples or whatever else. And, um, 'cause Mr. Warn used to live right here. Right. And, um, so we got that going. And Frank, um, strong, he owns Maryland racing, a lot of racing. Now he's horse was in that first race, but he scratched 'cause he got sick with her. But then he went on and did a mar, uh, sunshine Million. And they didn't even told us that it was between Florida and California. So I wonder where he got that out. He never mentioned that. <laugh>. Right. Uh, so it took off. And, uh, so, but it was good 'cause it worked, it didn't last that long there. And, and then the Breeder Cup even tried to start a competition between Straights, but it never really took off. But it was, it was fun. So we always tried to come up with different ideas and make it fun, you know, for people. Competition.  
Speaker 1    01:00:57    So it seems now that the trainers that I know, at least, they, they have not as many of their own horses, but they have clients', horses and people that are paying for those horses. And those people don't have the horses on their property. They're all with the trainer all the time. Uh, is that a different model than you seem to be talking about people who had horses on farms all up and down the road that you go back and forth to?  
Speaker 3    01:01:24    It's a bit different. And, um, I mean, there's still farms out there. Not as many, but one, those people have passed away or they've gotten too old to do the horses. And even like Paul Mellon, who took, who came in behind him, nobody. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Mrs. Randolph, she does have, uh, somebody that came in Her, Bonnie. Bonnie, yeah. And, uh, so Shelby Bonnie, yeah. But he was not into it like she was mm-hmm <affirmative>. I mean, Ann McLeod, nobody came in behind him. So it all disappeared, you know, 'cause the younger generation either was too much money, but it's also a lot of work. And what  
Speaker 1    01:02:04    About Newstead? Is that  
Speaker 3    01:02:06    It's for sale?  
Speaker 1    01:02:07    No, it's old I think.  
Speaker 3    01:02:08    Oh, did so. Yeah.  
Speaker 1    01:02:09    But I don't know if they're doing what they're gonna do.  
Speaker 3    01:02:12    Um, they're older now. The daughter, she was big time rider. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So, um, but, and that's just because Buck was there forever. The, the black guy, um, I don't even know his real name. Um, I wrote a story about him 'cause he was, he took care of Genuine Risk and I knew him and we worked together for a long time. What is his real name? I always call him Buck. So I don't know his name. But anyway, he would, um, he would be always talking to Genuine Risk. 'cause she was smart horse in his life. She's understanding. And always people would be coming to visit genuine risk. 'cause she wanted to and he's in there talking. Right. And they'd come around here and they're looking. He said they thought I was crazy 'cause they were in there looking. Who were you talking to? You know, but he was talking to them. Fred. Not, not Fred. That, uh, oh. Buck that gone.  
Speaker 0    01:03:09    He could  
Speaker 3    01:03:10    Bad name. Yeah. No, I never knew his name. Just like Frog. Everybody has, yeah. You know, when you, we used, because I started working at the training center when I was about 18. Everybody had Turkey, frog, punty, weasel, everybody had, you know, because either they had the same name or whatever. But that's the way it was back then. And, uh, um, but they had come up, they had worked there forever. They had made the transition from the riders to the grooms 'cause of your age. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And you have to slow down. But you had people there like Jim Wally, Louis Wiley, Paul Fout, Barbara Graham, Mrs. Waters, um, a few others. But they always hired the people and they always, and they stayed with those trainers for like, ever mm-hmm <affirmative>. Like 40, 50 years. And that's, you could go around. When I was at Blue Ridge when I started working there, everybody had been there like 50 years.  
Speaker 3    01:04:17    I was like, how am I supposed to be a farm manager? Good gosh. You know? And uh, but that's the way it used to be. People would stay forever. That didn't happen anymore. I mean, you can go around the farms, look for it. I don't think you're gonna find it. Why do you think that is? Because the people love the way of life. And there were some good farms that you got into a good spot. But there were also bad farms. And I, I personally think that the kids saw what happened to the parents or father or whatever, and they just, you know, I'm not gonna do this. And it started, and it's a hard business to make money. You know, you, it's like when, uh, we laugh about it when people talk about retiring, retiring, I was in the horse business, <laugh>, there's no such thing as retiring.  
Speaker 3    01:05:10    You know, because it's not real. It's not, um, it's not a real business. It's a dream. You dream that you have the fastest horse. And, uh, Randy s he break horses for him. And, uh, he said, you know, mark, he said, I can go to Kentucky. Anything y we I want to and buy a horse for 500,000. He said, oh, it's worth 500,000. Might be worth a thousand. And he was right. You know, because you can't put a value on a horse until you raise it, you know, gelding or a stu. And um, and so it's, you can put so much effort into a horse and nothing, you know, it's a gamble. It's what it's, and 'cause they said the, you, I know you've heard the story that way to make a million dollars in the horse business, it's the start with 10 <laugh>. And it's true.  
Speaker 3    01:06:12    It's that and what you were saying about the trainers, now they have other people's horses, right? So somebody has to make money. Right. It doesn't necessarily mean the person that owns the horse, somebody's making money. And because we used to own a lot of horses too. And whenever he won a race, everybody and his brother had its hand out. You know, they were expecting something, you know, some kind of tip or whatever. Right? So, and I always told people, when you get in the horse business, I said, if you see a horse one 350,000, I said, you are gonna learn it's horse math. What mean? I said, well, you gotta get 10% to this one, 10% to this one. This, that <laugh>, I said that 350,000, it's probably 50,000. You know? And for a horse to win 350,000 is a lot. You know, so not that many make it out.  
Speaker 3    01:07:11    That, so it, it's uh, did you start young working with horses? Yeah, we had 'em when, when we came here, tomboy Brooks. That's the reason I wrote the story about the Brooks person in Uphill. 'cause Tomboy Brooks was his brother, uh, his uncle rather. And he had an old, uh, race horse Roo. He never won, but it was there. And then I went, his brother Tramp worked for Mrs. Um, uh, McLeod. And he would come to the store every day and he'd, Sam, I gotta tell you about this really good horse. And every day he'd sell him this horse. Right? Finally, my father said, he took the bait, poof. He's up there, right? And I went with him, the horse named Barney Google. No kidding. Literally had to kick him to get him up off the ground. <laugh>. And uh, so we tried a trainer and for one year the horse would go to the front every time and he would stop, you know, he just wouldn't win. So the next year dad's side, he's gonna train himself. So I was the rider and we trained at <inaudible> on that little track and tramp. He got me into the business. 'cause when I went up with my father to look at the horse, he saw I was the right size. So he got me up there breaking horses. So that's how I got kind of started. And uh, and his father, I had kind of worked with him a little bit too. So we get the horse. So your dad,  
Speaker 1    01:08:47    Your dad buys horses, come people come in. The story, here's  
Speaker 3    01:08:52    About, well this one, this one. So the next year, um, we were training every time we would work it. That means you'd go the fastest the horse can. I loved it. 'cause I wanted to be a jock ride. So I'm like, man, I'm just making that horse run. So I'm in at a baseball game in high school and I couldn't go to the races. When he first ran, he, he won. And so they get home and I, I was asleep. My cousin wakes me up and said he won and he paid $98. And I was like, huh. And then I got thinking, huh, now I $8, where's my money? I had like three or 4,000 bucks. 'cause I had bet on the horse. And uh, so that's how it started. Our first horse won that. We actually trained and uh, we got pictures all over the walls.  
Speaker 3    01:09:43    And we, I had one horse that first horse won in New York. Um, was named after my daughter and junior little, who's now in Kentucky. He used to manage, um, Newstead. And I dated his daughter when he went there. He had two favorites in the Kentucky Derby that didn't win. But anyway, so I went down there and stayed with him for like four days. And he goes, you know, mark, he says, I think you've been kinda lucky with horses. I'm gonna give you a horse. I, he said, I bet you don't know which one it is. I said, I bet I do. I said, it was that real ugly horse that I couldn't believe you had on this farm. He said, that's right. I said, but your ugliest horse is better than most people. And so we put her in training and we ran in the first time in New York.  
Speaker 3    01:10:34    And I had sent her to the leading trainer in America 'cause she was doing pretty good. And it was right after nine 11. And that name was Kailyn Rose Dean after my daughter. So we flew up to watch her, but she was the favorite. And then it used to be in the New York Post. So they had charts of like about seven handicappers. And she was in black type all the way across, you know, her name and the New York posts and we're flying up. It was pretty cool. So we get there, the horse break's dead last. I mean, I'm like, I'm looking, where is she? And then I look back and there she is. I'm like, man, I'm kicking. I, so we're sitting there and all of a sudden going into turn, she starts running. I was like, whoa. And so she circles the field and because she did that, the announcer is like, you know, he's like enthused with this horse and she wins.  
Speaker 3    01:11:34    So that race, uh, the two days, my daughter was up there. 'cause my father-in-law used to live up there. My daughter, I said, your name was blasted all over New York. And then your voice, your name was blasted. 'cause they had their racing ship. Right. And uh, so it was pretty cool. And then, um, because I had named another one off after my other daughter, she didn't do quite as well, but, um, I had run her, entered her to run at Foxfield races. My daughter was going to JMU. And so she, her, they were down there. The whole school was there for some party or whatever. So I entered in there. So her name would be in the program. 'cause that was the name of the horse. And I put her roommate down as the owner and her boyfriend is the trainer <laugh>. So it was cool.  
Speaker 3    01:12:28    And then we named one after my son. And he was leading horse in, in Maryland for a while. In fact, my son, we, I let him run one of the horses, if you help me. Um, the horse was 13 and my son was 12. So I said, this is like one of the first times <laugh> the horses actually owned or older. And it was, they had had a big write up in the Richmond Times or whatever. And uh, that was pretty good. But we named the horse that white, John, Michael, little Sammy, all of 'em. We named a lot of family people or whatever that have gone on and done really well. So that was, that was a lot of fun. So we've had  
Speaker 1    01:13:10    Where did the people, uh, live that worked in the farms  
Speaker 3    01:13:14    Around here on the farms.  
Speaker 1    01:13:17    Yeah. And that's probably changed too. People don't,  
Speaker 3    01:13:19    I think so have, I think now they hire crews to come in and take care of the farm  
Speaker 1    01:13:24    Landscape and Yeah. Yeah. As opposed to having people Right. On staff.  
Speaker 3    01:13:30    Yeah. There's, um, I don't even what farms like that anymore. You know? That's a big change. The biggest change. And um, that's kind of like that dog. I'd say it once that dog is here, that's a responsibility to have that dog. And it's kind of like when be people move on there off to a farm, it might be a responsibility. Now you got the, the people mm-hmm <affirmative>. But at the same time, for the person living on the farm, it's like you're only call 24 7 'cause you're on the farm. Right. You know, I would never do that. So, and um,  
Speaker 1    01:14:11    So that's why you're saying that their kids see that and they don't want to do that.  
Speaker 3    01:14:15    Well, and then if they get hurt or some, some farms, right. If they got hurt or sick, what, what do we need you for? You know? Right. So, um, they saw that and they, some farms the pay wasn't that great. Um, but you had some farms, like I said, people stayed there for 50 years. Right. You know, so you just had, in fact, when I broke horses, if I went to a place and Oh yeah, I've been here for a year. I was like, oh, you know, but if you went there and everybody's been there forever, you know, that was the place to be. Right. You know, to work. And the horses were better, everything. And some people just couldn't keep people, you know. So it was, um, uh,  
Speaker 1    01:15:02    Were there as many people that had come in from out outside? Or was it more generational landowners?  
Speaker 3    01:15:08    Yeah, it was general. Oh, both, um, both people that were here and the people that owned the farms. They had been here for a long time. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So it was, and you didn't know the difference when you walked on the farms, a lot of times you didn't know who was who, the worker or the, you know, the person that owned it and they didn't care. And that's, um, how do you put that, uh, kind of the way Middleburg used to be. They didn't care. It's changed wee bit now. You know what I mean? It's like Middleburg is this, and I'm this and Middleburg is middleburg. It's, it's like Marshall Marshall has come up big time, you know? 'cause we have a Marshall address. And for a while I, I wanted Middleburg address, you know, 'cause it's property value, whatever. Now I'm, I'm fine with Marshall.  
Speaker 3    01:16:04    You know, 'cause it's, it's come along ways, you know, in fact, in some ways it's maybe even past middle group, you know? So, and um, I took a picture of this house and snow once and it was the, I get like 500 likes, I don't know. And I was like, well, but 'cause people have been kind of after me to put the stories that I've written into a book. You know, it's not really the reason that I've written them. And it would be a lot of work to do it. And, uh, so I had some ladies, she wanted to be the editor or whatever. I said, I sent her all the stories and it would, she's like, wow. I didn't know it was that many stories. But, um, if it ever did, I thought the picture of the house would've been good for the cover of the book book. 'cause it's in the center of it all.  
Speaker 1    01:16:58    Well, it's the crossroads. Yeah. It really is. Everybody goes by, everybody knows this house. Yeah.  
Speaker 3    01:17:04    So it's, I, but it's the center, you know, and this is where I've been, this is where I've been lucky. Because in my life, if I sit, it always comes here. You know, everybody loves this area. Just like you. You can't, you know, just like how many people come here, you know, they just come now I've gone from doing horses, now I'm helping, uh, fix up houses and things in realtor as well. But, um, because it's like fixing up houses, it's helped me as a realtor because when I was in the horse business, you always, I always wanted to know everything about the horse that I could. Same with in real estate. I walk in the house, I wanted to kind of have an idea, what are you trying to hide? Same with horses to a certain, and it is, it is true. You know, you're like, huh.  
Speaker 3    01:17:54    So it's in fact the horse trainers, they talk about people being crooks. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So I would always tell people I was a horse farmer. Try to, you know, then again, then I got into the, uh, became a personal trainer. And, but the gyms are like, oh, they're like crooks. You know, I'm thinking y'all have been talking about horse people. Then I got into something else after, and then I'm became a realtor. And then there's so many regulations. I'm like, y'all are even worse than the horse people too. I was like, good gosh. You know, it's, uh, uh, the horse people were given a bad name, you know, but that didn't really deserve, you know, so, um, 'cause it was even Mary Poppins, um, that show comes on the movie. Do you think I would be at the race track? You know, but it, it's cultural right. Type of things. And people, it just sticks with 'em. And in a lot of movies, what's happening at the race track some illegal, right? So it just sticks. So not everybody is that one that way. I mean, it's unfortunate. Horse racing is supported by gambling. That's the only thing I didn't like about it. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. You know, and, uh, that's the only way it's gonna be supported, you know. So, but um,  
Speaker 1    01:19:17    Has the, have the casinos brought a different element of, of, uh, audience into the racetrack?  
Speaker 3    01:19:24    Um, I think so. I, I, I, um, it kind of took the fun out of it for me. For whatever reason. It just, you get a trial stand out. It's, it's just, it's a business. It's all it is is a business. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And it's not the fun to me. You know, it was not the fun that you had. And, um, I  
Speaker 1    01:19:46    Think that's the way a lot of things right. People think they have to make too much money. Right?  
Speaker 3    01:19:50    Well, they did start making more money. Agreed. It was like, we used to run for $1,600 purses at Charleston. And if we won one of those, two of those we were in, this is awesome. They're like $30,000 now, the purses. And there are five horses in a race. There used to be, you couldn't even get it in a race. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. The purse was $1,600, you know? Right. So it, it's, um, uh, it's, you know, and, and you would always try to set your horse up for a bit. I mean, it was always the challenge, you know? Mm-hmm <affirmative>. To, um, and when I say that the first time they ran in like a long time, it was like the horse that, uh, the, the closest I came to the top was with the free horse. That two free horses the one junior gave me. And then Kes and Yates.  
Speaker 3    01:20:45    And uh, 'cause I was in Colonial Downs and the trainer brought the horse out of the stall and he was gonna give it to a reporter. I said, huh, if she doesn't want it, I'll take it. I just liked the way a horse. And he'd say, wouldn't it race again? But he was just a pretty horse. So I turned out home for like six months. But if you ever saw a loose gate, open gate, he would, he'd go, I don't know what. So one day I was out and I noticed the gate was open and he was way over there. And we both made Beeline <laugh>. And I peed him. I had died in front of him, <laugh>. But I said, huh, you're gonna go back in training. So I put him back in training. So I called the owner up or trainer that had given me the horse.  
Speaker 3    01:21:28    I said, if I can win a race with him myself at Point Points, will you gimme the papers back? He says, um, well, we'll work something out. So I, I'm run at, uh, cats him, like kill him something. And uh, but we did win a race. So I call him up and he gets back and I finally looked up the horse's record. It wasn't like $500,000. I had no idea. Right. So he'd been, he's training good. So we take him to Belmont and Point to points aren't official races. So they got no record that he's been running. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. He's 99 to one. And we had him in a $56,000 an ounce race. But I've told training, don't run him that high. Just run 35,000 claim around. I said, no one's claim. I said, they do. So what? It's $35,000. And uh, when he was in front at the head of the lane and I had be like five, 600 bucks.  
Speaker 3    01:22:25    9, 9 1 50 6,000 bucks. First I got over a hundred grand. Easy in my hands. Right. I'm just young. And, but it come down about halfway down the stretch, they're catching them, you know, and they're catching. And the last, from here to mom, a horse would pass me every stride you got, you only got beat this far. But I had all that money in my hand and it just, just, I had to sit down and, but yeah, I never turned the corner from that. 'cause I was at top. I mean, you, you run, I was running against the big boys, you know, uh, it just got beat and then ran the, both back at Saratoga, she won. And then she, she won at Belmont and then she was at the race in Saratoga. She was the favorite. It was like 65,000 race. She jumps the rail, breaks her knee.  
Speaker 3    01:23:17    We saved her. Oh gosh. How often you get that way. And then Keon Yates was running and um, Tom Serga, he was partnering with me 'cause I had a, had a horse. We had a horse for him. Um, uh, car Town. She was thinking out the creek in Upperville. And she had like, I don't know, 15 falls. Uh, and we her every horse that was free. Wait a minute. They won over a million bucks. All of 'em together. Yeah. So, um, but anyway, the Keats and Yates, um, he ran for a $50,000 tag. Next time he got beat that far. Oh gosh. That was a killer. That was killer. 'cause Saratoga is the top and that was there. Close it just in them. But, um, you know, we had some success of that still, but not that one. Remember we went Charlestown, watch ke Yates run. People that were afraid. Once you,  
Speaker 1    01:24:21    Once you have a horse like that, that wins a purse like that, then people pay attention.  
Speaker 3    01:24:28    Yeah. Well that's right. Everything happens. But it, it went the other way. And you know how sometimes you feel fate deals you one way or the other, which way to go. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. I felt it like, leave me, because when I was young, all I dreamt about was winning the Kentucky Derby. But it all kind left, you know, it was like, oh man. And then I just kind of lingered through for a while mm-hmm <affirmative>. And then I went into something else. But, um, and my father passed away and he was a really good trainer. So that, that was, that was the difference too. And uh,  
Speaker 1    01:25:06    So he came out here working for Budweiser, ended up being a really good horse trainer.  
Speaker 3    01:25:10    Huh. But that wasn't his main thing. You know, he still at the store. Right. All that kind of stuff. But that's what horse trainer. But he did really well. We went Delaware, Maryland, everywhere. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. In one races. So, and then the horses, like the horses that were really good, I would send them to the racetrack in like New York, whatever. 'cause there's too much for a horse to have the ship and all that kind of stuff. So yeah. It's been fun. Um, so we did the horse thing for a while and then, um, um, but now I'm in the house is like, this house is built in the 18 hundreds, uh, 1893 actually. And, um, so taking care of those and learning how, and then now we're, that's what I do is kind of go out and around and look at people's houses and mm-hmm <affirmative>. Help 'em fix 'em up and stuff.  
Speaker 3    01:26:06    So I've building, been building rock walls. That's all I could. So, okay. I, that's one thing that came to me. I couldn't believe it. I just pick up a rock, put it. But old the time told me, you gotta do that. He says, you cannot pick up a rock and put it down without using it. <laugh>. So I just always remembered that. So I look around at all the rocks and try to not waste time. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Yeah. So I haven't learned how to cut them and, um, oops. Everything, but, um, 'cause that's a, that's a art in itself to, to be able to cut the rocks. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. But there's a lot of things I've tried to find the guys to write about 'em so I could learn. But they've passed away, you know? So, and I'm sure they're new people into it. But I love watching the old guys. They'd sit out there all day. One stand, one stand, you know,  
Speaker 0    01:27:01    They'd come get, um,  
Speaker 3    01:27:04    Uh,  
Speaker 0    01:27:05    What, what did they call stink bombs or those things that you, uh, that made smoke? Smoke bombs.  
Speaker 3    01:27:13    Oh yeah. For snakes. Put in the  
Speaker 0    01:27:14    Fences to scare the snakes away.  
Speaker 3    01:27:18    But here now we're trying, before  
Speaker 1    01:27:20    They, before they went in there themselves,  
Speaker 3    01:27:22    <laugh> <laugh>. But now we're trying, or I'm trying to turn, that's the reason we got all these weird flower beds out there and stuff. Trying to learn how to grudge the flowers and turn the property into a, 'cause it's always made money with the thrift shop, it's Zone Village here. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So, um, you know, and it's, it's kind of a unique old house. It used to be a boarding house. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So, um,  
Speaker 1    01:27:50    So the house is 1883.  
Speaker 3    01:27:53    1893.  
Speaker 1    01:27:54    1893.  
Speaker 3    01:27:56    It was, uh, rector built it. He got shot in the Civil War. Obviously he survived. And, um, um, A-A-S-A-A er Rector built it because I know, you know, the to Road was here before the Revolutionary War. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So, um, and the Rector's, um, was crossroads because Route 50 used to  
Speaker 0    01:28:27    Be, but the road went down by Stewart.  
Speaker 3    01:28:29    Yeah. But it used to be Cuming Gap or something. It's the oldest, um, uh, toll road in America. And then the, there was toll Toll at the, um, the bridge during the war. They tore it down. 'cause  
Speaker 0    01:28:45    The  
Speaker 3    01:28:45    Old bridge. Yeah. Because that's one thing. 'cause we have John Mosby here that, um, formed Rangers and depending on what side you are, whatever, he was kind of brutal. But that, um, oh gosh, what was the guy's name? I gotta think it was a northern general over there that he had stopped the rush at Gettysburg at Little Bighorn, which kind of turned the war around. He was here four days before the war. That war in Gettysburg. 'cause I, I read it somewhere and then I got a book about him and it said he overheated because he had to travel so far in four days to go 80 some miles to fight. So I Googled it or did the MapQuest. It's 83 miles from right there. I said, it must have been it. And then I found out at the bridge, he actually stopped the southern advancement from across the bridge like two or three days, uh, before he had to go. So it was true. So I told them to better pr. I think I would put a statue of him out there instead of John Mosey. That's the way things are going now. You know, it's, it's, it might be a better idea.  
Speaker 1    01:30:07    So the rector, uh, he bought, built this house and the one next door?  
Speaker 0    01:30:13    No,  
Speaker 3    01:30:14    Not the same. That was already built.  
Speaker 0    01:30:16    That was already built.  
Speaker 3    01:30:17    No, he was kin to them.  
Speaker 0    01:30:19    He was kin to them. Yeah. But he was more Maurice  
Speaker 3    01:30:22    Maurice. Oh, well Maurice Rector wasn't kin to them. He was, like I said, he was from Orleans and him and his brother or cousin, whatever, they started to chain stores. Clarence. Yeah. Clarence. I'm gonna write, I actually write a story about some rector. She's like 70, 80 years old. She's out in New Orleans. That's kind to all these people. So, uh,  
Speaker 1    01:30:48    I'll find it. Yeah. To figure out what the Yeah.  
Speaker 3    01:30:50    If she knows what  
Speaker 1    01:30:51    All the, if the stories are true. And who did. Yeah. Right. Who did what. So that house was here. He came and built this one. The ones that are there look much newer. Oh yeah.  
Speaker 0    01:31:02    Oh, there that we don't even claim them. They're not even in  
Speaker 3    01:31:05    It. They're suburbs.  
Speaker 0    01:31:05    They did a suburbs dexy. There was another house right over there on that. On the corner.  
Speaker 3    01:31:14    Yeah. It's gone.  
Speaker 0    01:31:15    And that would burn down. They said now the house behind the store was here.  
Speaker 3    01:31:19    Mm-hmm <affirmative>. That's the oldest house. It used to be blacksmith's shop.  
Speaker 1    01:31:22    Yeah. That was for sale for a long time. No,  
Speaker 0    01:31:25    The one behind the store. Oh, okay. There's a house behind the  
Speaker 3    01:31:29    Store. She's talking about the one besides the store. Beside  
Speaker 1    01:31:32    The store  
Speaker 3    01:31:32    That yeah, it still is for sale. That  
Speaker 0    01:31:34    It still is for  
Speaker 1    01:31:35    Sale. But that's an older house.  
Speaker 3    01:31:37    Yeah. It was built in 18 hundreds. No,  
Speaker 0    01:31:38    There was another house that burned down across the street. Across  
Speaker 1    01:31:42    The street. So right here. Yeah.  
Speaker 3    01:31:43    Actually that house might've been built in 17 hundreds. 'cause you're gonna, and look at it's a lock cabin and once you get into the walls mm-hmm <affirmative>. Yeah. And um, because the store was built in the early 19 hundreds, I think Rector store,  
Speaker 1    01:32:02    I don't know. And Rector built that store.  
Speaker 0    01:32:06    Not Mr. Rector. I don't think he built  
Speaker 3    01:32:09    It. I'm gonna find out when I talked to this lady. 'cause she knows it all <affirmative>. So one  
Speaker 0    01:32:14    Of the rectors built it, but I don't know which one. Right. So because his mother, Mr. Rector's mother and father lived here before he was brought up there. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Because I remember hearing his mother's name was Annie Rector. It's all know.  
Speaker 1    01:32:34    So the people that would've come to that store then mainly would've been people passing through.  
Speaker 0    01:32:41    They just came every day and they, we had charge accounts. Uh, Mr. Senator Warner had a charge account there. And um, Elizabeth Taylor came in and all of her children came in and uh, we had lots of charge accounts. Some of them never got paid.  
Speaker 3    01:33:03    <laugh>. I used to have to go around and try to collect them. Yeah, yeah.  
Speaker 0    01:33:07    Um,  
Speaker 1    01:33:09    Well we used to come down for sandwiches all the time just because it was close place to go. Yeah. Well, and they were good sandwiches.  
Speaker 0    01:33:16    So look, we, after Mr. Poland took over the store,  
Speaker 3    01:33:21    He modernized it.  
Speaker 0    01:33:23    He modernized it. Mm-hmm. And we had sandwich. He came up actually and asked me if I'd come back to work at lunch. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And that's when I went back and just worked through lunch. But I mean, I enjoyed it because I get to see everybody. Right. But they always knew my sandwiches <laugh>, so that's why they asked me about it. Right.  
Speaker 1    01:33:45    And then I remember that. And then they, now they don't do much.  
Speaker 0    01:33:49    Oh. I've only been in there one time when Mark went down to see to get some milk, didn't have it. Mm-hmm  
Speaker 1    01:33:57    <affirmative>. Yeah. We stopped for something regular and then we didn't go anymore. Yeah.  
Speaker 3    01:34:02    We didn't have, it's kind of un um, it's like he's kind of lost interest, I guess. They just weren't doing any business. I don't,  
Speaker 1    01:34:12    It's been for sale on and off and yeah. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Place next door is for sale and  
Speaker 3    01:34:16    Evelyn, she's down there a lot. The lady that runs it. So she's trying anyway mm-hmm <affirmative>. To make it go. But  
Speaker 0    01:34:23    Now they don't even open up early it looks like. Right. 10 o'clock or after.  
Speaker 3    01:34:30    Well, and then some days they don't open at all. Which is a killer. Yeah. Because when you finally get in the mood and then you go, oh, there's nothing worse. Right. Well,  
Speaker 1    01:34:40    And you have to know, you know, if you're gonna have regulars, you have to have regular hours. Right.  
Speaker 0    01:34:46    Right. Yeah. So anyway, and then somebody said to me, they went in, there was Evelyn making sandwiches and then here she came up and, uh, got the money, you know, without washing your hands or anything. And I guess that might turn people off <laugh>. Right. You know, so I see, uh, when I look at her, I sit on the front porch and look down. There are a lot of, uh, men stomp there. I don't see many women stopping there. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So  
Speaker 1    01:35:17    Buy beer  
Speaker 0    01:35:19    Probably. Yeah.  
Speaker 3    01:35:22    But with your history, anything in life, you, anybody, it's a lot of times you like to turn the clock back 'cause you miss what used to be. It's not gonna happen anymore. So you have to try to deal with  
Speaker 0    01:35:38    The flow.  
Speaker 3    01:35:38    Yeah.  
Speaker 1    01:35:39    So once your 20 year lease was up, did he sell the store then?  
Speaker 0    01:35:43    Uh, we got, we actually, um,  
Speaker 3    01:35:46    He died, didn't he? I got it.  
Speaker 0    01:35:48    We actually had a, an auction and auctioned off everything because we owned everything in there. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And there were cars lined up that way after the road for the auction. And uh, then, uh, he, Mr. Director put it up for sale and, and Mr. Poland bought it, but he modernized it. Right. And, um,  
Speaker 1    01:36:14    And then the pizza oven?  
Speaker 0    01:36:16    No, no. That came out and Mr. Poland owned it. And that's when I went back to work for mm-hmm <affirmative>. And they stayed there, what, a couple of years I guess Mark mm-hmm <affirmative>. And, uh, then it started falling apart. And, um, first of all, we had too many employees and second of all, I think things were given away instead of sold. But anyway, then he went out of business and no, he, he gave it to his daughter and she didn't run it. Right. So it went out of business. And then the Iranian man bought it, and that's who has it now. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So I don't know how much longer it's gonna be here. The upper door story, opening gate, is  
Speaker 3    01:37:10    It? Yeah. Yeah.  
Speaker 1    01:37:11    I did not know that. Different people or the same people?  
Speaker 3    01:37:15    I don't know. I I didn't know it was on Facebook. <laugh>. That's all I know. We're gonna get all your reliable news. I tell you what, you get a lot. You know, so  
Speaker 0    01:37:26    I didn't know it had been closed actually. And then I heard it was reopened, so that's good. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Well,  
Speaker 1    01:37:34    Thank you so much for having me  
Speaker 0    01:37:36    Here. Oh, enjoyed it.  
Speaker 1    01:37:37    Lovely to talk to you  
Speaker 3    01:37:39    Because it's, um, um, and like I say, it is just, I like the slow pace of, it's just like, I, I emailed Judy Casey yesterday, I'd like to  
Speaker 2    01:37:54    Write about you and Bill. It was their wedding anniversary. They've been married 56 years. Wow. She was a lot excited. So you don't always get that response, you know how that goes. But, um, I'm sure I'll find something out that I never, I don't even know where Bill's from Case. I have no clue. Yeah. It's uh,  
Speaker 0    01:38:17    Nice people, nice people. He ran the echo. Mm-hmm  
Speaker 2    01:38:21    <affirmative>. Right? Bp. Right BP in the, yeah. Done there. All right. Yeah. Marshall has certainly changed. 
