People DUDLEY,LS,DUDLEY
Title   Interviewed 2/7/20<br>by Lydia Strohl <>
Speaker 0    00:00:00    I see technology sometimes,  
Speaker 1    00:00:01    Sometimes it doesn't always work. Okay, now we're going, I can see the, the light. Um, this is an oral History by Lydia Stroll. It is the 7th of February, take three. <laugh>. Thanks for being here, Mr. Dudley. Okay. State your  
Speaker 0    00:00:16    Name. Okay. Uh, Tim Dudley. Proper name is Thomas U. Dudley ii. Um, I was born in San Francisco, November 16th, 1942. My father was in the service, um, stationed there in preparation to be shipped out to the Pacific during World War ii. My mother and I, um, spent a short time in, uh, San Francisco, uh, because he was shipped out. And so I am told that I was put in a laundry basket and rode a train all the way from San Francisco to Richmond, Virginia. Um, uh, so we lived with my, uh, uh, my mother's mother, who was a widow, uh, in Richmond. And, uh, we came up here to Middleburg, um, frequently, uh, to visit my grandparents, my father's parents who lived at Exing, which is, um, about, uh, three miles to the east of Middleburg. Uh, was a family farm that, uh, my grandmother's family, her maiden name was Hacksaw, H-A-X-A-L-L.  
Speaker 0    00:01:23    Uh, her family had bought the, uh, farm in about 1870. Her, her, um, her family was a, uh, uh, a, uh, a, um, a business family in, in Richmond, Virginia. Um, but her father, um, her grandfather, uh, decided that her father was not a particularly good businessman, so they sent him up here to do some farming. So, anyhow, we, I, I grew up, um, there, uh, during the war, um, uh, during the war, uh, we lived in Richmond, but we came up here frequently to visit my grandparents. And, uh, so I have, you know, early recollections of, of, of that. Um, we, my mother and I actually moved up here in the late forties when my dad got out of the service. Uh, he actually stayed in for an extra year. I think he probably was involved in some, uh, aspect of, um, uh, the CIA or the OSS or whatever they called it at the time. And, um, so he was sort of snooping around out there doing some stuff after the war. But anyhow, uh, so, um,  
Speaker 1    00:02:36    But he, he was stationed back here? No. When you came back here, did, did he come with you or was he still working?  
Speaker 0    00:02:43    No, he, he, he got out of the army, and then my mother and my father got back together. Um, and, um, they, uh, moved up here. We renovated a house, um, on the farm, and, uh, moved into permanent residence there. My dad prior, uh, prior to, uh, world War ii, um, had, uh, finished, uh, law school at the University of Virginia. So he was, he was a member of the bar. And like, uh, just as a smallest aside, my father was, uh, uh, was the first person that was drafted in Loudoun County. Um, his, his father, my grandfather was the head of the Selective Service Board in Loudoun County. And my father felt very strongly that he didn't want, uh, anybody to think that his, his father had, um, in some way, uh, sort of rigged the odds on, uh, when he was gonna be drafted. So he just told his father, he said, look, give me the number one ball. I'm gonna be the, I'm gonna volunteer. And so he was the first, first man from Loudoun County to, to, uh, to be drafted in, in the selective service. Um, how old was  
Speaker 1    00:03:53    He when he went?  
Speaker 0    00:03:55    Well, he was born in 1913, so this would've been, he, this was about 1940, so mm-hmm <affirmative>. Um, 40, well, my parents were married in December of 1941, and he was a, he was a master sergeant in the Army at that time. So he'd been in, I think he was probably went in 1940. Mm-hmm <affirmative>.  
Speaker 1    00:04:16    And what was his full  
Speaker 0    00:04:17    Name? John R. Dudley. Um, as I said, he was a, uh, he'd, he'd completed law school and, um, so forth. And so, and so after the war, he came back here and, uh, set up law practice in Middleburg. Uh, actually, the office that he first had in Middleburg was where Tom Hayes just closed up his jewelry business. And his, uh, his, uh, friend from law school was, uh, bill Grassy, who was, uh, Trobridge ton's, uh, stepfather. They had gone to school together, um, and had gone to law school together. And they were classmates in law school. And I, and I believe that, um, that is how Bill Grassy actually found his way to Middleburg. 'cause he was originally from Stanton, Virginia. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And, uh, but, uh, Trobe's mother, Rosalie Mogue was a very, very close friend of my dad's. And the Mogus and the Dudleys were very close, uh, friends, of course, there weren't a whole lot of people around here at the time.  
Speaker 0    00:05:24    So, you know, he, but, um, anyhow, I'm, I'm, I'm fairly certain that that's how, how Bill got here anyhow, they had their law practice there. They, they ne they were never partners, but they shared an office and mm-hmm <affirmative>. Shared a, an assistant. And, um, and then eventually my dad moved his, uh, law office to Leesburg, because, um, that's the county seat of Loudoun County. And so he's here in Middleburg, but you're stuck off in the corner of Loudoun County. And so he spent all this time in Leesburg. Anyhow, so he eventually moved his office there mm-hmm <affirmative>. And, um, then went on to, um, actually become, um, a judge in the Loudoun County, uh, uh, system there. So, you know, my early days of, um, growing up here, we had a, um, a full working farm. Uh, even though my, uh, my grandfather, uh, had been a banker, he was the president of the Middleburg Bank from about, well, right after the bank holiday, which was 1932, um, they decided, the examiners decided that there were, uh, um, enough questions about some loans and things, and Mr.  
Speaker 0    00:06:42    Sands said, uh, the, who was a, a founder of the Middleburg Bank. He, uh, uh, he had a lot of loans to a lot of his businesses, and they kind of thought, well, that wasn't exactly the way it's supposed to be. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So my grandfather, who had, um, had a, a fair bit of financial experience prior to that, um, they said, well, they would reopen the bank if Mr. Dudley would, um, become the president. So he was the president of the bank from say, 1932 to 1948. And he retired because of his health. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. He passed away in 1949. Um, so, you know, my early, uh, recollections were, um, coming up here with my mother during the summers and spending a lot of time at Xing. I remember my, you know, both my grandparents, uh, you know, pretty well then. And then we moved there full time, um, in 1940, uh, seven, I believe.  
Speaker 0    00:07:43    And, um, uh, we had a, a, a full working farm. Uh, it was a dairy operation. We milked about 50 cows a day, which was a pretty good sized operation in those days. And, um, so it was sort of like a, a great, you know, playground for a kid to grow up in. Um, and over FaceTime. Uh, I have two younger brothers. Uh, my middle brother, uh, Jack, who's name named for my father, John r Jr. He's seven years younger than I am. And then my youngest brother, uh, Sayers, Arthur Sayers is 10 years younger than I am. So, um, you know, we, we had a lot going on there, but I was old enough to kind of get in the way of everybody and get involved. So, um, when I first recall, um, being there on the farm, we actually still had workhorses, and we also had our first tractor.  
Speaker 0    00:08:47    And so I, you know, kind of got to see that transition. And as a kid, um, I was allowed to ride my horse from exiting to Middleburg, came right on up Route 50, 'cause there was no traffic on the road. Right. I come on up to Middleburg and I could buy, you know, bbs or Bubble Gum or whatever I wanted to do. So, uh, and then I just kind of hang around, you know, poke around Middleburg a little bit. And, uh, then just decided to go on back home when, when I wanted to. So, and where  
Speaker 1    00:09:18    Did your horse stay when you were shopping?  
Speaker 0    00:09:22    I tied him up to a parking meter, <laugh> <laugh>, and, uh, so, and had, every once in a while, I had to do a little cleaning up after him. But, uh, um, so, and, you know, Middleburg was a full in, in those days, was a town that had, you know, lots and lots of different businesses. Um, uh, the Red Fox was where it is now. And then across the street on the, on the north side of the street was the, uh, what is, I guess they call it the Windsor House now. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Uh, but it was known as the Colonial Inn, which was another place you could eat. And, um, uh, people could stay there either overnight or for longer periods of time. Um, and I'm just trying to think on the right next to The Red Fox was a, uh, movie theater, which was owned by Liz Tippett, uh, who lived at, uh, lol.  
Speaker 0    00:10:15    And, uh, that was a, that was a big event because, uh, on Saturday nights, people would come to Middleburg. And, um, it was a, it was a place where everybody gathered because, uh, uh, we come to the movies and, and then all the people who worked on the farms would come in. And it was, uh, it was a time when, um, of course I didn't understand it at, at the time, but it was a time of segregation. And, um, and so the movie theater was segregated, but it, it, you know, it seemed to work. Um, and, um, but we would, um, people would be standing in the middle of the street talking to everybody and 'cause there was no traffic. Right. And, uh, I can't remember the lady's name, but she was, she would ran the ticket office there, and she would come out with a bell that was kind of like, what a, like a school teacher would use.  
Speaker 0    00:11:05    And she clang this bell, and which meant that the movie was gonna start in five or 10 minutes and everybody rush in. And, and, uh, we did, did that. And, and, uh, then, let's see, on the same side of the street was a, uh, well, actually it was a boarding house. Mrs. Gasaway had a boarding house there. Um, and then somewhere along the way, she moved to Leesburg and moved her business over there. And a fellow by the name of Mark Andrew, uh, opened up a hardware store. And it was a, it was a, a hardware store for a long, long time. And then, um, going down the same side of the street, Mr. Dew, Billy Dew, who's an architect, built a, uh, an office for himself. It was a, it was a vacant lot. Um, but he built an office, uh, for himself. It's where the, uh, uh, the sushi bar is mm-hmm <affirmative>.  
Speaker 0    00:12:02    Today. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Uh, and he was, uh, he, he designed a number of things among, which was the, uh, community center, uh, Mrs. Jackson, uh, Mrs. Harold Jackson gave the money to build it, but he was a fellow that designed it. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And I'm trying to remember, I think, I don't know what was on the corner there, um, between Mr. Dee's office in the corner and then over where, um, um, oh, there's a store there now. I can't think of the name of it. On the, kind of right across the street from the Episcopal Church is, uh, it was the tack box, um, which was, um, oh gosh, I can't remember the lady's name. She used to terrify all of us, though. She was a very scary lady. Oh, there's  
Speaker 1    00:12:51    Two clothing stores there now.  
Speaker 0    00:12:53    Yeah. Right. But that was, uh, um, a store that this lady had, I can't remember her name. And then behind it was, uh, Mr. Ballard had the, what they call the tack box, which was harness making. And, uh, that's what was stuff there. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And then, uh, Mr. Royston had his funeral home, you know, next door to that. And, um, um, and then across the street, um, is the Episcopal Church, which is where my family, where we all all went to church. My grandparents were very much involved there. And there's a couple of, um, uh, there's a couple of things on the wall in there, uh, that make some notation of that. Um, my grandmother was a direct descendant of Levin Powell, and there's a big plaque in there explaining who he is and how he, how he came here. Levin Powell was one of, uh, uh, George Washington's lieutenants.  
Speaker 0    00:13:47    And, um, after the Revolutionary War, he was, he bought and was granted some land here. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And he actually laid out the town of Middleburg. Um, but, uh, my, my grandmother, uh, related to him through her mother's side of the family. Uh, my grandmother's maiden name was, um, well, it was hacksaw, but her mother's maiden name was, uh, Nolan. And, uh, she and Ms. Charlotte were first cousins. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Their, uh, uh, their, their mothers, uh, were, uh, miss Charlotte's father and my grandmother's mother were brother and sister, and they were raised out here on the, on the Plains Road at a place called Berlin Farm, which is, uh, the house was, uh, uh, burned down in the late fifties, early sixties. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. I'm not quite sure what all the circumstances were about that. So, um, and then in the, what is the parish house of the Episcopal Church now was, uh, Dr.  
Speaker 0    00:14:53    ER's house. And he had his, he had his office down in the basement. And, uh, uh, unfortunately, uh, we've lost our, uh, our great friend, doc Saffer, who was a, um, a real historian, a a about Middleburg, but the Saffer family lived there, and I guess the Episcopal Church acquired it some time along the way. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And then as you sort of come up the, uh, across the street where Creme de la Creme is now, was a, uh, was an independent grocery store called B and A Grocery, which was, um, owned by Mrs. Edwards. She and her husband started it back in, I think in the thirties. Um, and then he died. And, uh, she continued to run it until, Hmm, I think she probably, I've lost track of time now, but I think probably maybe 10 years ago, shut it down, no longer than that, I guess 15 years ago, probably shut it down.  
Speaker 0    00:15:44    But it was, um, it was a place where, you know, we could go in there and get, uh, you know, get stuff and they charge it to our parents, which, uh, we usually heard about that a little bit later. But, um, she, uh, she had a very, you know, very good business. And it was, uh, she had a, a, you know, a significant following because, uh, they had a very good, uh, uh, meat operation butchers and stuff like that. So if you wanted particular kind of, uh, cuts of meat and stuff like that, they went into Washington and at a, and picked up, you know, special order stuff like that. Um, Mrs. Edwards aft, uh, when she lived in the next building coming up, which is the upstairs over top of the, what is there, there's a, there's a clothing store there mm-hmm <affirmative>. Upstairs. She lived upstairs in an apartment up, up above there.  
Speaker 0    00:16:37    And then coming up the street where there's a, there's a little courtyard there, right. Which, uh, back in the day was, uh, the Exxon station. It was Anso Station, and, um, oh, darn it, uh, Mr. Poston, Herman Herman Poston, um, uh, owned it. And, um, so, um, just the center part of what's in that little courtyard now was the, was the gas station. And the gas pump was kind right out in front. And, uh, he was a very talented musician. And they would, um, that was another attraction of Saturday night. It was at, uh, uh, these various, uh, people, men, I'm sure there were plenty of women that could have played too. But these men came in there and, uh, they would have these, uh, music sessions where they just would play mostly, uh, mostly country music, uh, uh, banjo, fiddles, uh, uh, and, uh, mandolins and, you know, uh, sort of country music.  
Speaker 0    00:17:41    But there's some, there were some very, very accomplished, uh, musicians around. And one of the fellows that I remember was a guy from Upperville named, uh, well, bikini was a very, very talented musician. Um, and they would play outside there. They'd just sit, they'd sit out, you know, on a summer evening, and they'd just sit there and play. And they probably had a few refreshments, uh, along the way. And then, uh, as you're coming up the street, uh, a little further was Mr. Lawrence and Leach Hardware, Mr. Lawrence. Linwood Lawrence had a hardware store where the tele rector store used to be mm-hmm <affirmative>. I'm not quite sure what's in there now, but, um, and it was a, uh, you could buy nuts and bolts and washers and pipes and anything. I mean, it was a real old fashioned hardware store. And he took in Billy Leach as his partner.  
Speaker 0    00:18:34    Um, and 'cause Mr. Lawrence was a significant age difference between two. And then ran that. And then, uh, when Mr. Lawrence passed away, or maybe retired and then passed away, um, he, um, left that business to Mr. Leach. He had a model, a Ford that he used to drive all the time, and he parked it in front of the store, you know, every, every day. He had his own little personal parking place there. Um, and then the next thing coming up the street was the Safeway. Um, which I don't, I don't remember seeing it, but I am told that actually at one time, there was a, there was a, a, um, um, there were two grocery stores. There was an a and p store as well as a Safeway, and it was side by side. And, um, by the time I remember it, uh, Safeway had, uh, taken over the space, I guess the a and p gave up, but that was, uh, that was, uh, that was where the, where he went to getting to do your grocery stopping.  
Speaker 0    00:19:36    And, um, then the next, um, building coming up the street was owned by a woman by the name of Mrs. Greer, who was an interior decorator. And she, uh, she lived on the second floor and had her store on the first floor, sort of very pretty, pretty expensive stuff, I guess. I, I don't know. But anyhow, she was a, she was a nice lady, and she lived upstairs. And then where the, uh, oyster Bar is right now was my grandfather's bank. And, um, which was there until about, I think the current bank was opened about 1955, if I remember. They, they, that was a big move because, uh, um, everything was, everything was pretty much centered right there. The, uh, the bank was on the corner, and then you went to, I can't, what's, what's the, what's the cross street? I can't remember. Um, as you head down toward the millwork to the Hill School, uh, whatever the cross street is, I can't ever remember the name.  
Speaker 0    00:20:42    Um, but anyhow, that street had, the post office, had the liquor store, had the barber shop, had, uh, the Reliable store, which is where you could go buy your khaki pants and do all that kind of stuff like that. And, um, and then all of a sudden, kind of in the, I guess in the middle fifties, um, things started moving west a little bit. Uh, the bank went to where its current location is, uh, Safeway bought Dr. Spitzer's house. He had a, he had a, that whole lot there on the, where, I guess that half a block, he had a, he had a pretty house with a big two story porch on there, and a nice front yard. Well, they bought that, knocked his house down and built a Safeway. And, you know, the a BC store went up the street and, uh, where the, where the, one of the gathering places around was where the, the, I guess the salamander head on the corner there was known as, it was a guy named Joe Anderson.  
Speaker 0    00:21:48    His, he and his family ran the, the, I think it was called the, you know, we used to call it Joe's, but it had a proper name, like the, like the, the hitching poster or something like that. But anyhow, you could go in there and get, uh, you know, get a hamburger or whatever. You could catch your breakfast, you could get your lunch and whatever like that. Was it like a counter, or was it a, uh, they had both, they had some tables and they had a little counter in there too. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. But it was an old fashioned, you know, just, uh, old fashioned sort of fast food. What was fast food in those days. Um, but so when that, that, that moved that, but when that happened, that moved things, you know, to the West. Um, um, where Phil Thomas has his office now was a furniture store, um, for a while.  
Speaker 0    00:22:39    And then I guess, I don't know when Phil bought that, but, um, it was a furniture store. And then, um, I'm trying to think next to that. I can't remember, but there was a, uh, there was another, um, uh, sort of specialty butcher store there. Mr. Trol ran one. Um, it was in a fairly narrow place in there. Oh. There was a, there was a news stand in there too where, uh, I remember after church, we'd go up there and my parents would stop there, and they'd let me go in and buy a couple of comic books. And, um, we, that was, but there was, and then there was a, uh, a section of the, uh, store where, uh, I was never allowed to go. 'cause it was some, whatever was back there was not from my eyes, <laugh>.  
Speaker 0    00:23:24    And, uh, I can't remember the man that ran, ran the place, but he was a pretty, pretty good guardian of whatever was going on in the back. The next to that, which is that stone building, uh, which is now broken up into a lot of places, was a car dealership. At one time. It was a Ford dealership, uh, which Mr. Nachman owned. And then it was also during Chevrolet. And both of those places actually end up moving, uh, Mr. Nachman moved his Ford dealership down to the current site of the Middleburg millwork. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And, uh, during moved his car business back to the building, which is now Chuck Acry has his office in back there. Uh, but that's, that, that building's had a bunch of different iterations. Um, over time, it was, I worked in the summers for a guy named Jim McCandless, who was in the construction business.  
Speaker 0    00:24:20    And he, he, uh, I don't know whether he owned it or not, but he rented that building, and we had all of our trucks and all that kind of stuff back there. This was after, during, uh, when, uh, the Chevrolet business closed down. And then, um, next, there's that small little building, that little brick building, which is, uh, I don't know whether someone lived there or, or what, right next to the church. Yes. It's an art next art gallery. Uh, yes. Right. And then the Methodist Church. And then, um, I'm trying to remember kind of what was, um, I can't remember what was in that block, uh, the first part of that block where the, uh, Middleburg Bank is mm-hmm <affirmative>. I can't remember what was, what was there. And then, um, the Fun Shop was there, which is, you know, well, the Post, so the post office moved up there between the, uh, the bank and the Fun Shop.  
Speaker 0    00:25:17    So that was part of the Westward Move. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And then The Fun Shop, I think, I think Allen started that in the mid fifties. And, uh, of course, that was everybody's go-to place. And, uh, uh, they had lots of, you know, all kinds of stuff there. And of course, uh, Mrs. Allen, she kept a, uh, special selection of, uh, of, uh, uh, birthday cards and things under the counter. So once again, you had to be of a certain age to be allowed to have access to Under the Counter. But, uh, I, I remember that, uh, a lot of people used to have a lot of fun with that <laugh>. But, and then Mr. Allen had, he was a photographer, and he had his, um, uh, studio upstairs. And, um, uh, I'm, uh, he had, I mean, he, he took pictures everywhere. I mean, he was all over the place.  
Speaker 0    00:26:06    He was a wonderful guy. He, I think he, he was from, originally from Winchester and, uh, went, he went to Episcopal High School. Um, and then, uh, I think he and Mrs. Allen were both from Winchester, I believe. Anyhow, they came and settled here and, you know, became a real, you know, accurate to the community. And then on the corner, which is now the, well, um, let me see that building. I don't know what that building was right next to, right where, where the Southern States used to be. Right. I'm not quite sure what that building was. Um, but then the, uh, on the corner where the Satter place is was a BP station, which was, uh, owned, uh, run by a guy named Burns Robertson. And he was a, uh, he was actually from Canada, and his family moved down here. I think his father was a, was a horseman, and came down here, and I can't remember with whom, but he was a horseman that came down here.  
Speaker 0    00:26:58    And Burns had, uh, uh, three or four brothers. And they, uh, they all worked there. Um, uh, along with another fellow, uh, a color fellow was a delightful guy named Ki Skip Smith. They all, uh, they all worked there and, uh, you know, ran a, a thriving, uh, operation there for, you know, back, it was back in the days when you came in to get gas. You know, they came out and they cleaned off your windshield and did all that other stuff like that for you, and pumped the gas for you. And, um, and then I guess, um, um, vine Hill, which is where, uh, which is part of the sporting museum now, um, that was a private residence. Um, and I think that the Chronicle of the Horse was there, uh, for a long time. And then across the street, of course, was the community center, um, which I mentioned earlier that Mrs. Jackson, uh, funded the money for that.  
Speaker 0    00:27:54    And Mr. Dew, um, um, he designed it. And where the BB and t Bank is, I don't think there was much of anything there. And where the salamander market is, I don't think there was anything there. Um, the, the restaurant where, um, I can't remember you. Um, what's the, what's the restaurant now there? The red, the, uh, uh, um, I can't think of the name of the national, we called the Pink Pink Pony. The Red Horse? Yeah. Red Horse. Um, I think that was a residence, uh, uh, belonged to somebody. And then there was a, a, some vacant space in there where those newer buildings were. And then where, um, gosh, I'm trying to, I don't know what's in there now. One of those, um, let me think. Just, just before the building, that's just to the west of the a BC store was Mr.  
Speaker 0    00:28:48    Hockmans radio. Radio, radio store. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And that was a, I mean, he was a tinkerer and stuff. He had all kinds of stuff. And if your TV blew up, you know, he, that was back in when they had tubes and TVs. He could, he'd come fix your tv. And, but he was, he was a, he was a, uh, an interesting guy because he, he was up all night long on his ham radios. So he didn't, unlike everybody else in this community, because of the farming community, everybody started to work early. He didn't, he didn't start to work till, you know, 10 or 11 o'clock in the morning because he was up half the night talking to people around the world. But he was a fun guy. Where did you go to school? Where did I go to school? Well, I went to the Hill School.  
Speaker 0    00:29:30    Uh, well, actually, when I first, when I first came back here, I went to school in Aldi for a couple of years, and then I think I started the Hill School in the third grade, and then went through there, got outta the Hill School School in 1956, and went to Episcopal High School, which was, uh, a requirement in my family since, uh, all of us from my grandfather right on down, have all gone to Hill School. And, uh, so I got outta Hill School in 61, and I went to Hampton, Sydney College, which is down in, uh, Southern Virginia, and graduated there in 1965 mm-hmm <affirmative>. And, uh, from there I went to, uh, I went to New York. Uh, my father was totally shocked. He couldn't believe it that, uh, I just had this bug in my head that I wanted to go to work on Wall Street.  
Speaker 0    00:30:23    So I knocked on doors and made phone calls and did whatever I could do, and finally got a job and went to New York for work. And, uh, was up there in New York for a couple of years. And, and, uh, in that, uh, 65, 6 and seven, I lived in New York. And, uh, Margaret Littleton and I were married. Uh, she was Margaret Church, uh, from over in Vix CityVille, Virginia. Uh, we were married and lived in New York for a short time. And then we moved to Philadelphia in 67, and we lived there 67 to 72. And then we came back here in 72 and moved to Upperville. And, uh, Middleburg was, uh, too busy for us at that, at that stage. And, uh, I, I, I have lived in, um, Upperville ever since 1972. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Um, so, um, but you know, growing up in Middleburg was a, was fun because you could, um, you could kind of wander around.  
Speaker 0    00:31:21    We, we, we didn't, um, yeah, there weren't any restrictions on us. I mean, uh, um, and I mean, not just me, I mean everybody mm-hmm <affirmative>. We sort of wandered around. I had, you know, some friends, um, um, here in Middleburg. Um, uh, but there, you know, there was sort of, there were two, two groups of people. They were the farm kids, and then there were the town, town kids. So like, uh, doc Saffer and his younger brother Stewart, who was a classmate of mine in Hill School, and, um, Johnny Petty Bone, and Wesley Boxwell and, uh, Clayton Ellis and those guys, they were all the town boys, Eddie Wright. Um, and, uh, they had, they were a pretty, pretty tight group. Um, so every once in a while I would be, I'd come up and, uh, you know, we'd, I I, I'd spend the night with Stuart Saffer and, um, then that would give me a chance to sort of see what, see what went on in town.  
Speaker 0    00:32:29    And, um, there were, Stewart was a quite a character. He was, uh, he was, he was known as a, a little bit of a, a very, very mischievous fellow. Uh, I won't say he wasn't bad. He was, Stuart just was an independent fellow. And, um, he, um, we had a, uh, a local policeman named Stanley Wilson, who was, uh, everybody's friend. I mean, he was the kind of guy where if, um, you know, somebody had been having a little bit too much fun, you know, he'd, he'd figure out how to get 'em home, stuff like that. Although, there were two guys, and I cannot remember their, their names. I think their last name was Leonard, but they worked on, uh, the Kelso farm, which is down, uh, Dick Kelso was a classmate of mine at Hill School. And, but they, they had a farm down where you turn, uh, uh, where you go to Stoke on the way to Aldi, you turn to go at that road.  
Speaker 0    00:33:32    These two boys were, uh, having, they'd been having a, a big night in Middleburg. Um, and they were walking down the back street, um, sort of where the dry cleaner is, and there was nothing. There was a, there was an old stable there, a couple stables, a couple buildings on there, but there wasn't much on that, on that side of the street. Um, um, and where the new part of the cemetery is, was, um, just a vacant lot. And, um, these two boys, Stanley said, well, you know, you guys have had way too much to drink. I'm gonna have to take you to jail. And they go like, well, I don't think so. You know, that's not a real good idea. So they grabbed Stanley and these two guys were strong as Oxes. They, they, they grabbed Stanley, they took off his belt that had his gun and his handcuffs and all that kind of stuff like that.  
Speaker 0    00:34:26    Got his car keys, put his belt with all of his gear on it, in his car and the keys, and locked the car up. And it took Stanley and tossed him over the fence into the pasture. And then they went on about their way. Well, Stanley was completely, you know, he was flummoxed at that stage of the game. He didn't know what to do. But, um, Stanley, um, uh, you may have to, you may have to, uh, uh, modify this story a little bit, but, uh, Stuart and I, um, uh, the, the gate to the, uh, to the cemetery, um, was, um, it was open pretty much all the time, but it had a, it had a chain and a big lock on it. And, um, Stanley was, uh, uh, he was, he was interviewing someone, uh, down in the cemetery, parked in Stewart. And I just discovered this one night when I happened to be in town.  
Speaker 0    00:35:23    And, um, so we decided it would be a good idea that we would, uh, lock the gate. So we got the chain and the padlock, and locked the gate, and left. Then, then Stanley couldn't figure out how to get out of the cemetery, so he was having <laugh>. So that was the kind of fun that, you know, we used to have. And there was, you know, there was a, there was a lot of stuff going on. So, um, and there were, uh, you know, there were a lot of, uh, a lot of very interesting characters around, uh, we had a, uh, I'm trying to think what's there now, kind of in the, um, well, there was a, you know, we had, uh, um, we had a drug store, which was right. Um, um, there, I wish, what is that? Is that Madison Street? I think you the one that that goes down to Yeah, to to the Hill School.  
Speaker 0    00:36:13    To to Hill School, yeah. Hill School on that. So right in the, right in the middle of a block was a, um, uh, there was a, uh, well, the fire station was there, if you can believe that. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And then, so, uh, if you started on the corner where, uh, Tom Hayes was at my dad's office was there, there was something else in between, I think it was a, uh, um, like a beauty parlor kind of thing like that mm-hmm <affirmative>. And then there was a, the fire station and the jail was downstairs. The steps are still there. Yeah. Yeah. And then, and they had a lot of, they had a lot of poker games going on down there all the time. In the jail. Yeah. In, well, downstairs. Yeah. In, in the jail. And then, and then the, the drugstore, which, uh, Dr. Payne owned, and he lived in that last house as you leave Middleburg on the north side of the brick house that sits right close to the road, he lived there.  
Speaker 0    00:37:03    Um, and then next to that was a barbershop, Mr. Mr. Glass known as Cutter Glass. And, um, he was, uh, you'd go in there for a haircut, or you'd be taken in by, you know, your parents, the haircut. And it was very embarrassing, because if you were not, if you were a young kid, he would get the, he'd get the board out, and they'd put the board on the chair, and then you sat up on the board, so you'd be high enough to, and he only knew one way to cut hair, just hit you with the clippers, just b around both sides. And it didn't make any difference whether you, you know, leave it long, leave it, you know, whatever. He just buzzed right around like that. So every boy in town had the same, everybody had the same kind of haircut. Yep. And if you were going off to summer camp, which I did in the summers for a couple years, I mean, you really got it then, because that was a, like a haircut that had to last for a while.  
Speaker 0    00:37:56    And then, uh, uh, and then when he came up from, uh, his, uh, his store then was the old post office, and then, and then the bank, and then across the street was directly across the street from the post office was the liquor store. And then the, and then of course, the health center, which is now the, uh, it's a pub, brewery pub there, the health center there. And they had Dr. Gibson and Dr. McConnell both had offices in there. And then, um, I think eventually Dr. McConnell McConnell moved his office, uh, into that, uh, brick building that's right next to it. But Dr. Gibson, uh, headed, ran the health center with, uh, the, the able assistance of Ms. Williams, Virginia Williams, who was, uh, always properly dressed in her white uniform. And she was, she was great. So that was there. And then Liquor store, and then, um, where I, I don't know what what there is there now, but, uh, um, what used to be the outpost, and it's, I'm not sure what's in it now, but that was where the, um, the Reliable Store, which was really like a dry, good store.  
Speaker 0    00:39:09    I mean, you could buy, you know, socks and khaki pants and shirts and t-shirts and all that kind of stuff was in there for a long time. And then, and then Phil Thomas's office. So, uh, so everything was kind of on those two, yeah. Two streets right there. It was, yeah. It was pretty much. Uh, and then, as I say, uh, uh, and I can't remember which one went first, but then the bank, the post office, the A BC store, you know, they all, they all went, uh, moved to, to the West, which was in, it was not much going on. I mean, I think before I would, I would guess the bank, the fun shop probably started more or less at the same time that the bank built their new building there. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And then every, you know, one went long that, and I can't really recall when the Safeway moved there, but everybody thought that was the greatest thing that ever happened.  
Speaker 0    00:39:59    And of course, if you look at a grocery store now, I mean, you, you, you wonder, I mean, how they, how they got along, right? But, but, but you should have seen what they had before. I mean, it was, it was, it was actually known originally. I, I remember, I remember going in there when it was actually called The Sanitary Market was the first name for it, and then it became the Safeway. And, uh, it was, uh, uh, it had white tile walls. I mean, you know, sanitary market. I mean, it looked like, it looked like the, looked like a giant bathroom, I mean, with these white tiles, you know, all the way around the walls. And, uh, and then eventually when Billy Leach, uh, after he, uh, uh, he was left the hardware store by Mr. Lawrence, he and the Safeway moved up to its current location.  
Speaker 0    00:40:46    He actually took over all that space and moved all of his, uh, took all that space, which is now is divided up among a bunch of smaller stores. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. But that was all, you know, a very large hardware store. So we actually had two, we had, he had his hardware store there, and then across the street, uh, Mr. Mark Andrew had his hardware store across the street. So we had, you know, we had two hardware stores, we had two doctors. We had, you know, the Safeway, and then we had a, a couple of small markets, you know, butchers and stuff like that. Uh, we had at least two, uh, harness makers, saddle repair places, um, you know, in town. Um, I can't remember who it was, but I believe there was actually a tailor here also who made riding clothes and, you know, that sort of stuff like that. Oh,  
Speaker 1    00:41:37    Yeah. Someone else had  
Speaker 0    00:41:38    Mentioned. Yeah. I can't, I can't recall. 'cause I, I, I, my, my family, we, we not, we were not fox hunters. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And, um, I, I rode as a kid, but, uh, I, I laughingly tell people that, uh, at h you could get a driver's license at age 15. Although I had my first wreck before I even had a driver's license. Uh, well, my mother was trying to teach me how to drive, and that didn't go so well. But, um, uh, but I, I, I laughingly say that, uh, I rode probably every day of my life till I was about 15, because it was a way to get around mm-hmm <affirmative>. And, you know, as I mentioned earlier, I go to Middleburg, come to Middleburg. Dick Kelso was a great friend of mine, and he, his older sister Jane was, uh, we all had a crush on Jane.  
Speaker 0    00:42:23    She was, you know, really very, very attractive. And, and well still is very attractive. But, um, uh, so I would ride over. I mean, I'd ride from our farm across the little river, across the mountain, over to the Kelsos. I could go anywhere I wanted to go. Um, and my only rule, my rule, or the house rule was that I got home from Hill about 3 45. And I was told that, you know, I could do anything I wanted to do. I had to be in the house at six o'clock. So, you know, get my horse take off, you know, had a gun. Did he  
Speaker 1    00:43:00    Ride to school?  
Speaker 0    00:43:01    No, no, no. My dad would bring me, my dad would bring me to school. Uh, 'cause he would come to Middleburg to, uh, pick up his mail and do that stuff like that. And then he would go to his office in Leesburg. And then, uh, I would catch a ride home with most of the time, probably 90% of the time, with, uh, Tommy Dela, who the Deus lived in Oak Hill. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And, um, so they were coming right on past. So they would come on down and, you know, again, this is the old days, they would drop me off. They would at the front gate of exiting, not that it's that long a walk, but I mean, nobody in today's world would let their child walk, you know, unattended, I mean, into their own house, which is what it was, an eighth of a mile from the, from the road back to the house. Right. But, you know, uh, and  
Speaker 1    00:43:51    What happened with the milk that, from the cows that you milked  
Speaker 0    00:43:55    Everywhere, we, um, so in those days, the milk was, uh, uh, you know, we processed it, when I say processed it all, it was, it was just, it was filtered and cooled. And then it was put into these, uh, uh, big, uh, 20 gallon milk cans mm-hmm <affirmative>. Into a big tank that was, had saline water in it. So it stayed really cold, and it was picked up on a daily basis by a truck. And it was taken into the Thompson Dairy, which is in Washington, dc uh, which was located at Pennsylvania Avenue. And I believe the, the, the cross street, I can't remember what number, it's, I think it's like 28th Street, which is the, the last street before you cross into Georgetown, but before you cross the bridge. Right, right. And Thompson's dairy, there's a big, uh, condo there now, but Thompson's dairy was, uh, was right there.  
Speaker 0    00:44:51    So we, we sent our milk in, so they picked it up every day. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Of course, you had to milk twice a day. So, um, but they came and picked it up, uh, you know, eight, eight or nine, probably nine or 10 o'clock in the morning. Took it on into DC where it was processed. And, uh, you know, we did it there. And then, um, and we continued in that business until probably, uh, we probably shut it down in about, uh, 61 or two or something like that. It was, there were a lot of changes going on. And, um, it, um, it, it, it was the, the dairy business was becoming a, it, it wasn't, it wasn't a family farm business any longer. It had to be a big operation. A lot of the labor, uh, again, when I was growing up, you know, we had a, a running the farm was a, it was, it was a fun process because it was always kind of something big going on.  
Speaker 0    00:45:46    Um, you had, um, of course you had all the, the, the, the, the planning and stuff that was done in the springtime, which is fun 'cause there's a lot of, you know, tractors and stuff like that. And then, um, during the summer we made a lot of hay. And, um, and I worked on the farm as well as we had other, you know, occasional labor, but you could get occasional labor. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And then you had a big event, like when you cut grain, when you, uh, um, and you know, this, this really dates me because we, we cut our grain and we actually put it into what they call a shock and stood it in the fields to let it dry. So you cut it green and stood in the fields. Today you see, uh, you know, a grain field, and they have a, a combine.  
Speaker 0    00:46:28    So it goes out there, it cuts it and processes it. And, you know, the, the grain goes from, goes in one, the, the whole stalk goes in one end of the machine, and the grain comes out the other end of the machine into a truck, and off it goes. But, so we, we would, we would cut the grain and we were shock. We did that both with, with wheat and oats as well as corn. And then, um, then later in the year, you had your thrashing process, which was another, you know, big process. A lot of, a lot of labor involved because you had to load the stuff in the wagons, take it to the thrashing machine. And, but it was a, you know, it was a big, another big event. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And then another big event running a dairy farm, we, uh, we had, uh, big silos that we had to fill.  
Speaker 0    00:47:12    And so you cut a lot of corn. And, but once again, it was all labor intense because you would, you would cut it in the field and put it in these big bundles. You'd bring it in, you put it into a machine that chopped it up and blew it into the silos. Right. And once again, a lot of labor. But all that labor, uh, you know, starting in the late fifties, early sixties, you know, those people all, they left here and they all, well, they either got old and retired or, and the young people didn't wanna do that kind of work. Right. They went, they went to work in DC 'cause that's where the jobs were, and that's where the money was. Right. And so it really put a lot of pressure on the farms. And really the only farms that really survived were the ones where, um, the people that owned the farms had a large enough family that they could, the family would work on the farm. And just, uh, I think the last one of the dairy, dairy operations just closed down. It was down right at Gilbert's Corner, the Williams family. Um, they kind of had a big, uh, a good sized piece of property, sort of on the northeast corner of Gilbert's Corner. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And, but they had a big family and a bunch of two or three boys and their families, they all worked there, and they stayed at it. And that's the only way you could afford to do it, because, uh, you couldn't, you couldn't hire anybody. Mm-hmm  
Speaker 1    00:48:30    <affirmative>. Did you work like before school and do, did you have chores that you  
Speaker 0    00:48:34    Had to do? I didn't, uh, no, I didn't have too much that I had to do there, because I, you know, we had to be at school at about eight o'clock mm-hmm <affirmative>. So I did that. But I, I, uh, yeah, I had, uh, my, uh, uh, my allowance was, uh, based on the fact that I had to go to the dairy barn every day and get a gallon of milk. So there were five of us in our family, and we drank a gallon of raw milk every day. And, uh, you know, it's, uh, it was, you know, it was outta the cow, went through a strainer, was cooled, and then that was it. Um, so yeah, I had to do stuff like that. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. But, you know, we, we, uh, we were, you know, we were used to that. But, um, and  
Speaker 1    00:49:15    How much of the family, uh, support came from the farm as opposed to your dad's law practice or your grandfather's bank?  
Speaker 0    00:49:25    Oh, I would say I would, I would say that the farm was probably what, what we would call in the business world, a lost leader, <laugh> <laugh>. It was, uh, you know, it was a, it was a business that the family had been in forever. Right. And, uh, so I think it probably, it probably carried itself. But, um, that was one of the reasons that we went outta the business is because it didn't, it carried itself in terms of wages and taxes and expenses and stuff like that. But when it came time to, you know, buying new equipment, like you had to buy, you know, buying tractors, right. Or this or that, the other thing that had to come outta somebody else's pocket. And, you know, the farm wasn't making that kind of money mm-hmm <affirmative>. And one of the, when the, when the labor pool moved to, uh, down toward the city for better jobs, uh, everybody, you know, began to mechanize things.  
Speaker 0    00:50:15    And so it was a, there was a big alay of capital mm-hmm <affirmative>. To, to do that. And, um, that's when we decided to, to give it up. But the ones that, you know, stayed with it were, you know, they made that conversion, so mm-hmm <affirmative>. But, um, um, you know, there were, um, uh, but growing up there, I mean, you saw a lot of interesting things. I remember as a kid, there was a guy who, who had a, he had a thrash machine. And um, 'cause that was a, a specialized piece of equipment that, you know, you didn't really want to, I mean, it was a one week of the gear, you, you're thrashing grain and, you know, he didn't want to own one of those things, really. And this guy had a steam powered tractor, and he started down around, maybe he may be as, as far down as say, uh, Lena or Arcola, but he, he start down in that area, down that way, Gilbert's corner, maybe east of there.  
Speaker 0    00:51:13    And then he would work his way west. And he came and he up to our farm. And then he came further west, where further west, uh, I think that he actually might have done some work for Mr. Fred out at, uh, Sunnybank farm. But anyhow, that was kind of a fun thing because as a kid, um, when we, um, in part of the grain process, we, we had a, a, a big corn house where we would take corn, um, you know, on the, uh, uh, where you would take corn on the cob, you put it in this building and it would dry, and then you would have to shell it. And so, but we would save the corn cobs, uh, because when this guy brought his steam powered, uh, tractor up there, that was what we used as fuel. And one of my earliest jobs on the farm was I had a, had a, a pony and a cart.  
Speaker 0    00:52:03    And I would, uh, my job for probably 25 cents a day, or 50 cents a day or something. You know, just the, just the idea of being around with the, with the, the big people, the men, you know? Right. That was the fun thing. So I would, I, I'd spend all day hauling corn cops with this guy. 'cause he would set this thing up and, um, it was a, but it was a, it was a great big, you know, thing. It had, and of course in today's world, they put him in jail, but it had great big iron wheels with cleats on it. And we, he would drive it around on up Route 50. And, you know, you could see where he'd been driving up Route 50. 'cause he'd left these marks on the, on the highway, but nobody thought about it in those steps. Right. We actually owned, we actually owned, uh, the property where Nelson Gunnel has his polo field now.  
Speaker 0    00:52:53    Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And we used to drive cows, uh, if you can believe this, in the summertime, uh, in the evenings we would take 'em and bring 'em up and get 'em on Route 50. 'cause it would, the, the property was, it was not connected to the main part of the farm. Right. We would, uh, we would take 50 cows and march 'em up the road and put 'em at pasture up, up there, um, on that piece of property at night in the summertime, and then go back in the morning and get 'em and bring 'em back down to, to the dairy barn. And there was so little traffic that it just didn't make any sense. Right. Didn't make any difference at all. Nobody cared. You wouldn't, can you imagine doing that today, <laugh>? Oh my God. You wouldn't, you wouldn't last, you wouldn't last 30 seconds. Right, right.  
Speaker 0    00:53:35    So, I don't know. I've been rambling on. I don't know what else I can tell you. Um, you know, my mother, uh, my mother was a professional tennis player. She, uh, uh, she grew up in Richmond and she was a very, very good tennis player. And she, uh, um, uh, she taught tennis around here to God. I don't know every, everybody. Um, and there were, you know, people that had, you know, tennis courts here and tennis courts there. So she'd go around and she'd gather up kids and teach 'em how to play tennis. I mean, you can, uh, somebody like Helen Wiley will tell you that taking tennis lessons from, uh, my mother was, uh, you learned how to play tennis, but it was not necessarily the most enjoyable exercise. Sometimes. She was a real drill sergeant. And, uh, you know, my dad was involved. Um, he was involved in the fire company.  
Speaker 0    00:54:27    He was a member of the American Legion. He was, uh, in the Lions Club, uh, you know, did all that kind of stuff. This went in, in the basement of the community center. They had a bowl, they bowling alleys. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And they had a men's, you know, bowling league. And then he was, uh, they had a Thursday night card game with, uh, some of the men. Uh, Mr. Deora, who was the, uh, Episcopal minister, was a real serious card player. Right. <laugh>. But he, you know, he wouldn't not, he wouldn't pay a play on Fridays 'cause he had to start working on his sermons and stuff. But Thursday night was card night. And, um, so, you know, it was a, it was a, a group of men that, you know, had a, you know, enjoyed, enjoyed life. They all knew each other. Right. You know, pretty well.  
Speaker 0    00:55:12    And had a had a good time. So, um, but my, my grandfather died in 49, and then my grandmother, she lived, uh, she died in 69, so she, you know, uh, and she stayed at, she stayed, she stayed, actually, she was actually, she was born in that house. And, um, uh, she was married there. My grandparents were married on the 3rd of July 19 one. You can imagine how hot that was. And, um, then my grandfather, it's a long story, which I won't bore you with, but through a, uh, a family relationship, he went to New York to be the executor of an estate. And they lived in New York for about 10 years trying to sort this thing out. So when he came back here, um, sort of, uh, the early teens, they bought a piece of property. The, the property now is known as Wolver Hill, which is mm-hmm <affirmative>.  
Speaker 0    00:56:14    To the north of town. But it was a piece of chin property. And they bought that, and they built a house there. Um, and in 19, uh, about 1920, the highest caught on fire, the roof caught on fire. It had a shingle roof on it, and he couldn't put it out. And, uh, uh, they got pretty much, my uncle lived on the third floor of the highest, and he lost most of his stuff, but pretty much everything else in the house was taken out. The fire was so slow mm-hmm <affirmative>. And taken out. And about that same time, my, um, grandmother's parents were elderly and dying. And so, um, my grandfather, they decided they weren't gonna rebuild up there. Uh, so my grandfather bought up the shares. Uh, my grandmother was one of, uh, four children. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So she, he bought up the other interests of, of her siblings, and they moved to, uh, to Exing probably about, uh, 1922 or three along in there. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. But she, um, she was born in that house. And other than living in New York and then living at what was called Roland Farm, R-O-W-L-A-N-D, that's the, the house that they had north of Middleburg. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Uh, other than living there, she, she lived at Exing her whole life. And, uh, born there and died there. So  
Speaker 1    00:57:42    Was that a common thing that people would, uh, buy out their siblings to keep the family farm, or did a lot of 'em turnover?  
Speaker 0    00:57:53    Um, well, I think it went both ways. I mean, I think it just, it, it just happened. Um, my grandmother had a, um, her brother was, uh, was killed in World War I, uh, and then her, let me see. One sister was married and lived in Baltimore, and the other one, oh, I'm trying to think where she went. But anyhow, she, my, my grandmother was the only only member of the family that was still here and still had an interest in Right. In being here. Um,  
Speaker 1    00:58:25    So it made sense to  
Speaker 0    00:58:26    All of them. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, just one other thing. It might be a, some slight interest. Um, my, um, my great-grandfather, uh, all of us were named Thomas U. Dudley, very, very dull. My great-grandfather was, um, from King and Queen County. Um, and, uh, which is down kind of, um, between Fredericksburg and Richmond and slightly to the east. Um, uh, he was, um, he went to the University of Virginia, and after that, graduated in 1858 and was a, an officer in Stonewall Jackson's army. Um, after the war was over, he came to Middleburg. He probably was here before, but he came to Middleburg. And his first wife was a Cochrane who, uh, lived over at the Hill, which is that property that's right across the road from the Hill School. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And, um, uh, I think they had two children, and she died in, uh, as a result of childbirth.  
Speaker 0    00:59:34    Um, but he was the mayor of Middleburg, and this is Thomas U. Dudley, um, uh, I'm sure we call him the first senior, whatever you wanna call him. Um, he was the mayor of Middleburg in 1865, decided he was gonna study the law, didn't like that. He ended up going to the, to the Virginia Theological Seminary in, um, uh, Alexandria. And, um, got out of there and had a church in Harrisonburg, Virginia. And then in Baltimore, he was Christ Church in Baltimore, where, uh, both my grand, my grandfather and his brother were born there. And then he was in 1875, he was, uh, uh, asked to be the bishop of Kentucky. So he went to Kentucky. So my, my grandfather, um, and his brother kind of, they, they, they were born in Baltimore, but they grew up in Kentucky mm-hmm <affirmative>. And, um, I don't know really how, I guess they, their deceased stepmother had, you know, connections here.  
Speaker 0    01:00:47    So that may be how my grandfather got back up here to meet my grandmother. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. I don't know. I never did know kind of how that happened. Right. But then, um, that's a big circle. That's interesting. Yeah. Yeah. And, um, so, um, um, he, um, but anyhow, so he, he, he was, um, down there in Kentucky. He died in 19, his, he had two more wives. His second wife had children that died. And then his third wife was a, an Aldrich from New York. And, um, he, he died in New York in 19 four. And it was that, uh, it, it was, uh, his mother-in-law's estate was, um, the one that my grandfather went up there, went up to manage mm-hmm <affirmative>. So, um, anyhow, so, uh, yeah, we've had sort of a sort of a circular thing, and I can't really remember the dates, but my, my dad was the mayor of Middleburg, even though he didn't live in Middleburg properly.  
Speaker 0    01:01:46    He had his office here, but he was the mayor of Middleburg. And, uh, oh, I don't know, I think maybe the late fifties something, something kind of like that mm-hmm <affirmative>. And, uh, so, you know, we've been, we've been around here for, for, uh, for a while. And, uh, it is a, it is a, you know, it's a, I I tell people it's, uh, it is a, I bet as much fun as you could have growing up. It was a, it was a really interesting people. Um, uh, I went to school with, uh, Tim Mellon, who was Paul Mellon's son. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And, um, so I, as a, as a young person, you know, 12, 13, 14 years old, I knew Mr. Mellon. He was as nice a man as ever was the only, uh, I, I never could understand, uh, uh, the situation because, uh, he would invite me to come up to Oak Spring, Upperville to, you know, come on up and, you know, spend Friday night or Saturday night.  
Speaker 0    01:02:47    And, uh, so, and then I would say, well, you know, why don't you come down and to Xing? But he was never allowed to do that. But of course, that was the Lindbergh's syn syndrome. Wow. He was, they were worried about it, but of course, I was too young to figure that one out. Right. But the only requirement was, uh, that if you were gonna go to the melons, you had to take, uh, you had to take a tie and a jacket with you because you had to wear a tie and a jacket for dinner. And, uh, but he was a super nice man. And you had, you know, you remember funny things as a kid. We used to get taken from the Hill School. They'd take us into Washington to go to the National Gallery, you know? Oh, that was horrible. You know, we'd, we'd go do it.  
Speaker 0    01:03:28    And, um, and then my mother would take us down there too. The trade off was that the last thing that we got to do was we got to go to the FBI building. So if you went through all the art gallery stuff like that, the, the, the treat was you got to go to the FBI building, and you got to watch him shoot the machine guns and Right. See all that kinda stuff. But, um, I can remember walking into Mr. Mellon's house and going like, geez, you know, I've seen that picture someplace before. I've seen that painting someplace before. And there would be a, uh, you know, a, a Renoir or a Matisse or something hanging on the wall, you know, in, in his house. He just, you know, decided, well, you know, I'd like to have that back in my house for a while.  
Speaker 0    01:04:10    So, right. He'd go trade that one out to something else. But he was a, he was, but he was the nicest guy in the world. He drove a Chevy, no fancy car, no nothing. Drove himself around all the time. They had a driver. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. But, you know, he drove himself all around and you'd see him walking down the street and you was just, he, he's friendly. Is Tim Mellon's not still around here? No. Tim Mellon, uh, lives, I believe, uh, he lived, he moved up to New Hampshire. I mean, well, I don't, I, he, he never had never really lived here. And, uh, I think he and his father had some real philosophical differences. Tim Mellons, very much like his grandfather, Andrew Mellon's, a businessman, hard driving business guy. Paul Mellon has said, I mean, he, he wrote it and said it that his full-time job was philanthropy.  
Speaker 0    01:05:02    And so Tim and his father were, they got back on the same page. They, they, and later in life they came to understand that there was a lot of room for, you know, for both, for both. But, um, they, for a long time, they didn't understand each other. And so he moved up to New England and started an enterprise up there. He actually bought a bunch of, um, short line railroads and put 'em together to form a railroad company up there. Interesting. But, you know, he, he didn't, he didn't really have to worry too much about he know where, where the next, uh, the next paycheck was coming from. But he was a nice guy. And then I, and, and interestingly in our, in our same class was Eliza Lloyd, who was, um, Mrs. Mellon's daughter. Um, so I went to school with Tim Mellon, who was Mr.  
Speaker 0    01:05:52    Mellon's son, and Eliza Lloyd was Mrs. Mellon's daughter. And, um, Eliza tragically, she lived in New York for a long time, and she was, uh, she was hit by a car, and, uh, she was in a coma for years. And she, they, they, they had a special house for her up on Oak Spring, but my gosh, I think she was probably in a coma for, I don't know, 10, 15 years or something like that. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And she just passed away maybe two years ago, three years ago, something like that. But she, I don't, to my knowledge, she never married. And, uh, um, but we had a, you know, we had an interesting class. So those two, and then Dick Kelso, whose dad was a fun, his, his dad had one of the early, uh, testing labs where if you had a, um, just a, a something that you want to test to find out whether it was contaminated or do testing on drugs and stuff like that.  
Speaker 0    01:06:47    Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Um, it was kind of, I think it was down sort of like in Arlington or, or down, down in that direction toward the city. But Dr. Kelso was a fun guy, but he looked like the mad scientist. He had his hair all kind of stood up, looked like, uh, looked like Einstein. He's a great big man. And, uh, oh, uh, one of the Hodgen girls that they, they lived in, they lived in Upperville. Their family had a big nursery up there. Um, and, uh, they lived in Upperville. She was one of my classmates, um, a guy named Brett Phillips, who was, uh, went on to, I think he's passed away also. He, uh, uh, his family were very literary. His dad worked for the Washington Post, and his mother was a good writer and an artist. And, uh, he started, he worked for one of the newspapers over in Leesburg, and I think he started this thing called, uh, Leesburg today, or I'm not quite sure, but he mm-hmm <affirmative>.  
Speaker 0    01:07:42    He's since sold it. And Stuart Saffer was in our class, uh, and I'm trying to think who else, uh, Anne Doyle was in my class, her mother, um, I don't know whether she was a widow or divorced or whatever, but she was a teacher at Foxcroft. And, uh, uh, she was in my class. And, uh, I'm trying to think who else. Um hmm. I have a really embarrassing picture of us, of, from Hill School, all the, all the girls with their white dresses and all the boys with their old blue blazers. Right. And that time it was, it was, they still do that for graduation. Very, very pretty embarrassing though. Yeah. But we had a small class. I think it was about, I think there were like 12 of us or something like that. Right. So, um, you know, hill School was a, uh, it was a good, you know, good place. Episcopal High School was a real tough go for me because, uh, I was, uh, I was too young and, and, and so forth and so on. But yeah, worked out fine. Well, thank you so much for taking the time with this today. I'm, I'm happy to do it. Thank you for asking me. 
