People       LS,TAYLOR
Title        Interviewed 3/7/20<br>by Lydia Strohl <https://middleburgmuseum.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/HeatherTaylor-scaled.jpg>
Speaker 0    00:00:02    So I'm sitting here with Mrs. Taylor. Would you like to say your full name?  
Speaker 1    00:00:06    Yes. Hello to everyone <laugh>. Uh, no, but you asked me what to tell you what my name was. Right. Uh, my name's Heather Taylor. Uh, and I moved to Middleburg in 1970, but I was born in New York City, 1940. Uh, just had my birthday. I was born on Leap Year <laugh>, so I a special birthday of being 20 <laugh> this year. That was very good. But, um, then I was, you know, at school there and then, uh, married and moved to Virginia in 1960. And, um, you  
Speaker 0    00:00:50    Were married to,  
Speaker 1    00:00:51    Uh, William Leachman. Uh, they had lumber companies around the area, uh, Washington included in those days. And there was one in Manassas, and that's why we were living in Manassas for three years. My husband was at that lumber company there, and Manassas was a tiny place before 66. Right. It was very, it was a great place, actually. Very small southern town. They just got, um, special dialing, I guess, for the telephones by the time we came. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. It used to be you just picked up and, you know, when we first came, you just picked up the phone, you know, and, uh, didn't expect much <laugh>, but that changed. But we were there and enjoyed that for three years, and then moved to Washington. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Where he was working. And then, um, lived in Bethesda. Uh, that was great. And had, you know, good friends and friends for all, you know, for the, during that time.  
Speaker 1    00:01:48    And then we kept the friends, we moved out here. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Um, in 1970, built this house and my husband had, uh, Northern County's lumber in Upperville. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And that's, um, that's what brought us here. Uh, and that expanded to a lumber company and the house building company o over those years until he, uh, died in 1976. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And we still kept going after that. I was in charge, which, uh, was very difficult, had three children, but I stayed here. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And then, uh, had the lumber company, um, and got a lovely people to help me there. Right. And kept it until I think 92. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And, uh, sold it, um, and retired. But in 1983, I married Richard Taylor. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. My current husband, um, who's British, uh, and we've lived here ever since. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Um, and he's, he retired, um, in at the same time I did. So it was good. We've had fun. Yeah. <laugh>, we're bird watchers and we've done some traveling and just, just enjoyed ourselves.  
Speaker 0    00:03:11    How did you meet Mr. Leachman?  
Speaker 1    00:03:12    Um, Mr. Leachman, um, met him when I was at Mount Vernon College in Washington. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Uh, and he had just gotten outta the Marine Corps, and he was, um, a, the brother of a, um, uh, a friend of my mother's mm-hmm <affirmative>. In Connecticut. So that's where she, uh, asked him to, um, go down and meet her daughter's, her, uh, friend's daughter. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And that's how I met him. <laugh>. So it went on from there. Right. So I was in Washington,  
Speaker 0    00:03:44    Washington DC mm-hmm  
Speaker 1    00:03:46    <affirmative>. And really enjoyed it. Um, we, what was that? It's like, that was 57 to 59. Right. And I remember we always, my, my roommates and I were always talking, we, oh, we gonna live in Georgetown after we graduate, and then we're going to get, 'cause we went to Georgetown a lot. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. <laugh> enjoyed ourselves there and, and met, you know, dated some people from Georgetown and just enjoyed life, enjoyed college.  
Speaker 0    00:04:13    It's a nice  
Speaker 1    00:04:14    Town. But then I met Leachman, and then the next year I married, we got married. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So very early as my daughter said, mom, how could your mother let you get married at that young age of 20? And I said, well, in those days, it wasn't that unusual  
Speaker 0    00:04:27    <laugh>. Right.  
Speaker 1    00:04:28    But it was pretty silly.  
Speaker 0    00:04:30    And you, your children were born in, um,  
Speaker 1    00:04:33    Well, one was born Manassas, no. Yes, yes, yes. Um, bill was born in Manassas, Billy. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. He's passed away in, oh, 10 years ago. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. That Kelsey's husband. Right. Olivia and Hannah's dad. Mm-hmm <affirmative>.  
Speaker 0    00:04:52    And he was born, what year was he born?  
Speaker 1    00:04:55    Uh, 60.  
Speaker 0    00:04:57    1960.  
Speaker 1    00:04:58    Yeah. He, he would've been, um, this year 60. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And I'll be 80. So he was a young <laugh>. Right. We were young. You were a young mother. Both of us were young. Yeah. Right. Had a lot to learn, but he was a really great little baby. <laugh>, very easy. And  
Speaker 0    00:05:14    Then you have a son,  
Speaker 1    00:05:15    Jim and I have some Jim mm-hmm <affirmative>. Um, a friend of yours I here. Yeah. And me, Jim was born in Washington, and then my daughter, Kristen was two years older than Jim. She was born in Washington as well. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And they were, Jim was pretty small and Kristen was about two when we got out here. Right. Yeah. So they were, no, she was older than that. She was four mm-hmm <affirmative>. And she was born at 66 and he was 68, so Right. He was a little 2-year-old. Uh, then we moved to, we moved to, um, a house past Upperville on the right hand side. Um, I think the days lived there. Do you know them at all? Mm-hmm <affirmative>. They spent a lot with it. It was a funny house that belonged to the, we rented it, um, and it belonged to the house next door, or the farm next door. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And it was a farm. If you go up toward Paris, you look off, there's a driveway going way up there. Oh yeah. Up to the hill with a lot of trees planted along it now. Yes, I've seen that. And that's it. And a big old stone house, Uhhuh, it was practically empty and the kids could ride their tricycles around this dining room, which was like, as long as this room had empty <laugh>.  
Speaker 0    00:06:25    What was Middleburg like when you first  
Speaker 1    00:06:27    Moved here? Well, that, that's the thing. It was so, uh, different from today. You know, it was all, um, so many different stores. There were two hardware, um, two hardware stores. Two drug stores. Um, a wonderful grocery on the corner where the, um, what's it that, um, oh, shoot, Creme de la Creme de la Creme. Yeah. Where that was the b and a. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Was in there. You get anything in there, you know, sort of like with the Safeway, but you could go there and get like a little filet and they would fix it for you. Totally. And then you could get, you know, go in anytime and you pick up what you wanted. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And Mrs. Edwards, or in it with her, her son, two sons, said they were wonderful. So she, she told me after my husband's accident that he died and I had the lumber company.  
Speaker 1    00:07:22    She said, you'll never have a minute's piece. She had this funny voice, she said, and you'll have trouble getting people to pay you. I was like, oh my God, <laugh>, that really worded me. And it, she was right in away <laugh>, but she was always sweet and just, you know, she'd do anything for you. So I wouldn't see that. They had a butcher shop in there. I hear a wonderful Butcher, butcher. That's what they did. You see, they did all this, got meat, and they actually had the, the side of beef in the back, in the cooler. So they cut it and they did everything with it. So that's, that's where you'd like to buy your meat. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. <laugh>, you know, it's unusual, really. I mean, of course I didn't have that Bethesda, you, you know, was nothing like that, but it was sort of like back in time to go to the b and a.  
Speaker 1    00:08:07    Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. It was wonderful. So anyway, it was good. And then the hardware, you could always go in there, Billy Lee Hardware, um, which is where there's an antique store and t rector's right. In that area. And then across the street was Mark Hardware, which who was a German. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Um, had a little place, not sure what that is in Incorporated into now. Um, sort of where the, there's a dress shop there, but it wasn't that big. Right. You know, it was a smaller place. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. But, um, so he had had drawers, you know, everywhere. Oh, yeah. And it was just fabulous. You could get any kind of screw or nut or whatever you wanted, <laugh> mm-hmm <affirmative>. He had it in there. So that was interesting. Um, and Billy Leach was an absolutely lovely person that had the big hardware, and he, he just carried everything you could think of.  
Speaker 1    00:09:03    Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And I guess there's hardware at Middleburg Millwork now, right? There's some there, they have some, but it's not, you know, the same kind of stuff that's, that he had, um, even in the summer had, you know, things to, for kids to play on and, you know, napkins and just all that kind of stuff. Right. Different, you know. And then, uh, what else? And the, our drug stores were, um, was one on the corner where that Mexican restaurant is. Right. That's there. It was there. I didn't go in there much. But then another one with, you know, the old is what is now the, the, um, was the rug store. I think they moved, right? Or are they, I guess they're in the gold drug store now, right? Yeah. And Lil is on the front. The hairdresser. The hairdresser that was there. But when I came, it was a soda fountain on the right when you went in.  
Speaker 1    00:09:52    And they sold all kind of little toys and things. And then the, the drugs part was hilarious because there were two old gals, and I'm not sure if they were related to the druggist or not, but they knew everything about everybody in town, <laugh>. So whatever they'd be like mm-hmm <affirmative>. And they one had little glasses, <laugh>, and we've heard some funny stories about them, but they were great. You know, it's this like small town. And they were the cashiers, or they were the Yes. They helped you. The Drugist was, he was doing his business. The pharmacist. Pharmacist, yeah. Was someone who had like a license for that. Yes. And so they were just the worked in the shop, they were just, they helped there. I always felt like there were some, there were some aunts or something of it. Right. And they may have been, I for, I know Gloria Armfield would know.  
Speaker 1    00:10:39    Okay. Or Howard Armfield. Have you talked to them at all? Not yet. They're away. But they, they are absolutely, the two of them would know everything about Middleburg <laugh>. They, they've been here all forever. Well, he grew up here. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. His mom was in the bank, and, um, after his dad died, and then Gloria's father was a minister here. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So, you know, they, that was a long, they've had a long history <laugh>. But, um, but I just, you know, I just love the town and I still do mm-hmm <affirmative>. But now there's like no place there. It's something you need. Right. You know, like a hardware item that you might want, or, uh, the stores are expensive for dresses. There used to be the reliable, um, in there where that bridal shop is Uhhuh <affirmative>, that's all been redone, but the, the Reliable Store with sold socks and underpants and shoes, sneakers, and all kinds of stuff.  
Speaker 1    00:11:38    Mm-hmm <affirmative>. You could go in there. Then that, I don't know how long, that's been gone a long time. So there's nothing like that now. And I'm hoping The Fun Shop doesn't leave. I know. Me too. Oh my goodness. The Fun Shop is wonderful. <laugh>. They do have it All right. You know, it's for sale and there's so much. I know. I just hope that they're just tired. I mean, I knew Nancy that started it, and, uh, it's been a long, it was long before I came. And she was a friend of my sister-in-law from Berryville. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Who, um, and she started it in Winchester and then came down to Middleburg, and I guess it was very successful. And then her husband had the photo studio, Howard Allen. Right. Took a lot of pictures of, you know, the Kennedy's and on on and on. <laugh>. That was, that was good.  
Speaker 1    00:12:25    Nice. That was a nice thing to have town. What else would I thought? Yeah. Well get, I've got the B and a, um, yeah, the banks, the banks have been here. They, you know, here they do a good job. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Two banks in one little town, <laugh>, that was good. And I was coming down in, into the bank one day, and I luckily was still my car on the road. And I think that's the first and only probably problem that they had in Middleborough with a bank robber, <laugh>. He was coming. He came in and apparently, um, went and demanded money. I think he got some, but they had called the police. So when he came out, he shot the windows out of the police car. And I think the police were already out of, they were, nobody was hurt. They were out of the car. But he was a bungling, uh, crook because he then drove straight down Route 50 and was car nabbed at Aldi <laugh>.  
Speaker 1    00:13:24    So, but that's the only time I've ever heard of anything happening. Wow. And you saw it, but I was on, you know, coming in from out of top, like, what's going on? You know? So I stopped. Anyway, there was a big, a very exciting moment. <laugh> in Middleburg. And the crime, crime history. When was that? You know, I don't know. I would know. It must be at least 30 years ago. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Someone, but someone else would remember that. It's such a good thing. It was so, you know, it's just so unusual. Right. It was like sort of a, what is it, Andy of Mayberry type, but we didn't have Barney Fife <laugh>. It was so cute. Oh. Anyway, that's a good thing. But it's, it's been, you know, it's been nice living here. It didn't, obviously I wouldn't have stayed for 50 years. Right. <laugh>, lots of good friends. Was your, um, husband from the area?  
Speaker 1    00:14:19    No, he's a, I think my husband, the current refer, former, former former was born, uh, his family was from Manassas. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. They had a farm, uh, in Bristow, which all now develop. Right. Um, but he was still owned by his aunt, uh, in the Smiths in, um, in the sixties before they died. Uhhuh <affirmative>. And, um, then everything started to change, you know, around the time the 66 came in mm-hmm <affirmative>. And I couldn't even find the farm, except I know that the land is where the Manassas Airport is now. Huh. From that. So my nephew, Tommy Leachman, he, he, you know, sort of resource all the family history. Right. And gone. There's an old graveyard there. Uh, and they, of course, they can't do anything with that, but there's, it's surrounded by, um, industry. Right. And then my daughter came, she's in California, she lives there.  
Speaker 1    00:15:16    And, um, she went with Tommy and they went all looking all around. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Because the Leachman, there'd been a Leachman, um, involved with the, the Civil War as a guide during the Battle of Bull Run and all of that. Huh. And his picture was in the, or a painting with, with his name was in, um, the Manassas Battlefield Museum. So they're from the area. And they moved to, to Washington in, gosh, when my husband was young. So they must have moved in like 40 mm-hmm <affirmative>. During the World, world War ii. And I think his father was influential in building, um, temporary housing on the mall in a temporary offices and things. Huh? That they had that, you know, for the war effort. I be, I saw those, actually, they were still there when I went to school in, in Washington. Really? Yeah. They were buildings for the Navy Department, I think. I'll have to look that up, huh. Because they, there was still something there.  
Speaker 0    00:16:18    And were they for, like,  
Speaker 1    00:16:20    They were for the war effort. In other words, they were for  
Speaker 0    00:16:23    Officers, for soldiers  
Speaker 1    00:16:24    Offices, not for soldiers, but for the people to work on, you know, things for the Navy. Right. I think the Navy, particularly Army must have been everything, but they were there. I forgot what they call those. Anyway, that was interesting. That's my father-in-law was in the lumber business guard. They got into that. So that's how they did. So probably supplied a lot of lumber for these buildings right now. But anyway, it's an interesting, interesting that one,  
Speaker 0    00:16:54    The lumber company, um, that was in Upperville was at the end, the other end of town where the Southern States is  
Speaker 1    00:17:01    Now. That's right. That was it. Yeah. It was our place. And it's was sold to a guy that I, that came in and was working there with me, and then he wanted to buy it, and then he, so I let him buy it. I kept the land, and then he bought it, and then unfortunately he went bankrupt. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So that was a big, another big thing. Mm-hmm. Coping. But, um, then I sold it to somebody from D La Plain eventually, and then Shelby Bonnie bought it. Mm-hmm. That was good. That was good news for everybody. Right. Because he could, you know, do something with it and keep it. But Southern states, I hope they do a good business. It's hope they too. It's a good place for them. I see their truck coming down this road. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Going over there to some horse farm. Um, so that's good.  
Speaker 0    00:17:48    I know. As convenient as when they were right  
Speaker 1    00:17:49    Here, but, oh no. I love the old Southern days. Oh, I couldn't believe they left a day. I was like, why are you leaving <laugh>? We got lots of bird seed. When you see out back, we're bird watchers, Uhhuh. And so we've got a lot of bird, bird, uh, feeders and things. That's our hobby.  
Speaker 0    00:18:05    How did you to choose this piece of property?  
Speaker 1    00:18:08    Uh, this was, um, belonged to, uh, bill Grassy, who was, um, triage's stepfather. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. His mo triage's mother. And the stepfather owned the house down there. Um, you, you could see it right when you go out. And they, I think they basically owned all the land up, up to the end of the road. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. At one time. Um, yeah. The arm fields, none. Those two houses were new. This was new. We bought land from him mm-hmm <affirmative>. And so did other people who we bought 35 acres, so they were on the corner of it. And it goes back in the wood, a lot of woods. Um, and there's an old silo back there that, um, I don't know who built Pat <laugh> anyway, um, you can drive back there and go out to the field. And we had a bunch of ponies mm-hmm <affirmative>. When the kids were riding, you know, we have a barn back there, and there's barns actually right back here. But, but excuse me, they it some more.  
Speaker 0    00:19:16    Did your children, um, do pony club and Fox Hunt and  
Speaker 1    00:19:21    Yeah. Um, bill and Kristen, um, bill particularly, he rode a steeplechase and when he was a teenager, so he was, um, he had, he was in pony club, and then Kristen, um, did a lot of riding with Mod and Kate, arm Field and Lizanne, and she had quite a group. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And luckily for us, she moved into the Washburns barn and did all her, um, riding from there. Uh, and sadly, she, you know, was involved in a, you know, a shooting and all this kind of thing. Not her, but her former husband. Huh. Have you ever heard of her Modern? No. Well, that's quite a story. <laugh>, she's died now, but she, um, it was, you know, well, you don't wanna hear that online <laugh> tape, but, you know, she was with someone else and her husband came and he actually shot and killed the person she was with. Oh no. Oh yeah. And then, well, she  
Speaker 0    00:20:18    Had the barn.  
Speaker 1    00:20:19    Yeah. Yeah. And my daughter got a call, 'cause we were, had just been, been Bermuda and just gotten back. And so Kristen answered, and it was one of her friends calling to say what had happened. And she was like, no, no, no. You know, because we, they loved her. She was a great gal, but, you know, things happen. And he was, he went on trial and actually he, he got off. Really? Mm-hmm <affirmative>. He was, you know, one of those like love triangle sort of things. It was <laugh>, it was written about a lot at the time,  
Speaker 0    00:20:51    But it didn't really, it wasn't really, she wasn't at fault.  
Speaker 1    00:20:56    No, no, no. That she was dating this fellow. Right. And she was still married to, um, Ted Gregory, that was his name. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Mo Gregory Mode Moderna. Um, so that's another kind of scandal type thing, but serious, you know, <laugh>. Right. But the kids were like, oh my God. They couldn't believe it happened. But, but he was, he he got very upset. 'cause I knew him too. And I'd seen him because they were separated and he, I said, well, you know, you just have to get over it now and get on with your life. And, uh, he just couldn't. Yeah. No, you gotta, you know. Well, anyway, but they, you know, the horseback riding has always been a lot of fun. And my granddaughters, or Hannah is the one Right. That does, she does a lot of riding.  
Speaker 0    00:21:45    She  
Speaker 1    00:21:45    Shows, do you know Hannah? Mm-hmm <affirmative>.  
Speaker 0    00:21:47    Yeah. She shows her horse.  
Speaker 1    00:21:49    Mm-hmm. Yes, she did. I think since she's been away at school, she's Right. Gotten out of it. But she still goes down to the barn and when she's home and rides some horses for 'em. Right. She enjoyed that a lot. And that, that's the thing, when you go off to school, it's you, but it's a wonderful thing for, you know, if you're not gonna continue it for your whole life. Right. It's a wonderful thing for early teenagers and, you know, all the early childhood sort of thing. They had a lot of fun.  
Speaker 0    00:22:16    It's a good skill to have. My, yeah. Grandfather had a horse farm and we rode early and it's, did, it's something, it's hard to learn as an adult, that kind of balance. Well,  
Speaker 1    00:22:26    You can't, I mean, I never could. I, I went out with Billy and he said, I'm gonna teach you about his calm horse. And went out and tried to, uh, learn how to jump and do some things and I just fell off promptly. And I thought, this is not for me, <laugh>. Right. You know, but we went to Montana many summers. My parents started going out there years ago, and we'd take the kids and so they could all ride really well out there, especially on a western saddle. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And we, I could ride and ride my husband, Richard kid ride. We rode on really slow horses, you know, they wouldn't do anything, but they, their group went all charging around. We just looked at plants and things. Right. Had a good time. But it is a nice skill. And the fox hunting, that's what I wanted to do. 'cause I thought it looks like so much fun. Right. You know, and then this mo would take the kids, and of course they had to stay in the back, but you'd take, you know, maybe six of them and they would ride behind. And so they got to see it all. And then they'd go just hunt breakfast. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Good time. It was nice. That was a good, that was good times for them.  
Speaker 0    00:23:29    So they had their own ponies here.  
Speaker 1    00:23:31    Yeah. That they could, had the ponies here, and then they could just go down there to, to the lessons and, you know, to take rides out, out in the country. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. I have a brother-in-law who from, he lived, they live my sister's husband. They live in Vermont. I mean New Hampshire, sorry. And, uh, when he came down here, he's first time, he said you could just ride forever. So he rode over to Marshall. Right. Because he's a good rider. <laugh>. And he, so he enjoyed it. And it's true because it is so open, you know, and I think it will remain like that, hopefully. Right.  
Speaker 0    00:24:05    I hope so too. We hope so. If there's enough people putting their properties in easement that you can  
Speaker 1    00:24:10    Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Through, you could go around, but all the Orange County is here. So if you follow, you know, they have trails mm-hmm <affirmative>. You can, you can go to Marshall almost, and it's really lovely. But your house is the one in Rectortown mm-hmm <affirmative>. With the prettiest view in the whole world. Oh God. We go up there, look bird watching in the winter and looking for owls. And so, uh, but I, you know, seen your house with Fe 'cause kit was there. Right. But, um, but that view, oh my goodness. It's just wonderful. Don't you think? So when you look out the window, you look, oh, those mountains. <laugh>,  
Speaker 0    00:24:46    There's a fox family that lives in that. Ooh. Well, when we moved in there, it was just a couple of sly branches. It's turned into like a tree. Oh. And it saw just on a big rock. And there's a fox family in there and all kinds of birds and Oh God, that's so, it's so nice. It's a field, but because of that one tree, there's mm-hmm <affirmative>. There's a lot of B going on out there. Yeah. Where do you see the owls?  
Speaker 1    00:25:10    The owls, the first we saw them was, um, down across the bridge up and then over to the right where the melons, uh, have a dump back in there. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And this was probably 20 years ago, we were out there and we're like, and it was like three in the afternoon and we didn't go to look for them. And we saw a shorted owl and we like God. So we, um, called um, George over at the American Bird Conservancy mm-hmm <affirmative>. When we got home. And we said, we saw this owl, short deer owl. And he said, that's possible. Somebody else said they had seen one. So after that, each year when it was not this year, but when it's really cold, they would be coming down, you know, they from the north. 'cause that's where they are. Right. And so they, last year there were a lot of 'em, uh, out by per per perceval road and Foxcroft Road in that big field.  
Speaker 1    00:26:05    And there's a cornfield across. Yeah. And it dusk, they would be going all around. There're so beautiful. So, and then where else did we saw them also, um, uh, past your house and then sort of on the circle and then off to the left. Right. And then there's an old tenant house on the right by the Degas property. Right. And you park there, and then you could see 'em and they would sit on the fence post. So it's worth thinking about next winter. Yeah. <laugh> just go along there. You after the sun, but just in the sun setting and they're there. Yeah. And also the Crenshaw Road out of Rectortown. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Uh, that's another bird spot. Um, not very far in Crenshaw. We're still up right in this opening to the, to the west. To the west. You see them. Yeah.  
Speaker 0    00:26:51    Well, and on the other side of the road where that, um, I think there was like a dog show grounds there. Yeah.  
Speaker 1    00:26:58    There's something there. That's right.  
Speaker 0    00:26:59    And, um, a friend of mine, when I first moved to Rectortown, she took us out there at dusk to hear the Bob Whites. Oh,  
Speaker 1    00:27:08    See now I never do that. Ah, that is so interesting. I wonder if they're still there.  
Speaker 0    00:27:14    I don't know. Oh,  
Speaker 1    00:27:15    But how long has that been?  
Speaker 0    00:27:17    Uh, well, she died five years ago, maybe. Oh,  
Speaker 1    00:27:24    Not funny. The bird that never trickled down, that this was a Bob White spot.  
Speaker 0    00:27:29    And she very good. Um, well, she was young. I mean she was young. Yeah. But her, so we, we must have moved to Rectortown. We moved to Rectortown 12 years ago. Really?  
Speaker 1    00:27:43    And so you didn't live in that house, so you must have moved to a new house.  
Speaker 0    00:27:46    Right. We lived in Rectortown. Yeah. Um, but in a different house. Different  
Speaker 1    00:27:50    House. Oh, I didn't know that.  
Speaker 0    00:27:51    And had more property. Okay. And then, um, when the older kids went off and we just don't, you know, we didn't need that much. No. And then Kit's house came on the market, so we decided that was a nice place for us.  
Speaker 1    00:28:04    Great. Yes.  
Speaker 0    00:28:05    To be, to have the same friends and the same  
Speaker 1    00:28:08    Area. Yeah. You're still in Rectortown. <laugh>.  
Speaker 0    00:28:10    And we had never wanted to move to sell our house before because we didn't really wanna leave Rectortown. So it was like the perfect thing to  
Speaker 1    00:28:17    Have happen. Yeah. That's perfect. Perfect. That,  
Speaker 0    00:28:19    That was, and our old house, we had a long lane and there was owls in the trees on the lane. Yeah. That we would hear at night. Well  
Speaker 1    00:28:27    See they, that's so good. Now, who owned that house before? Doctor didn't build that house, did you? With a long lane?  
Speaker 0    00:28:34    No, that was the Bob and Betty Morph.  
Speaker 1    00:28:37    Oh, well that's, I love them. That's so nice. I've been in that house. Yeah. I didn't know who was in there. I just  
Speaker 0    00:28:43    Knew. Yeah. That was our, we lived in there for 12 years. Oh. And then we  
Speaker 1    00:28:46    Moved. Isn't it funny? I mean, such a small place. But Chris, you're young and you're not in my age group, but, um, I've seen you before. Right. Because as, as I saw you was like, I know her. But, um, but that house was lovely. I thought they were just dear people, both of them. Right. Just  
Speaker 0    00:29:01    Right. And that Oh, she had beautiful landscaping and Yes,  
Speaker 1    00:29:04    Trees  
Speaker 0    00:29:05    Had fruit trees and  
Speaker 1    00:29:07    They just loved that house. Then there's  
Speaker 0    00:29:10    A lot of, a lot of wildlife there. We see. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. We have, um, oh, my dog caught a groundhog one time. <laugh>. We have all kinds of critters  
Speaker 1    00:29:19    Here. So you've been living there and not in Washington. Are you in Washington too?  
Speaker 0    00:29:24    Uh, we're in Washington during the week.  
Speaker 1    00:29:25    Yeah.  
Speaker 0    00:29:26    Okay. Of my son to be. That's right.  
Speaker 1    00:29:27    So where are you now? Where are you living there?  
Speaker 0    00:29:30    Uh, we live right by the cathedral.  
Speaker 1    00:29:32    Oh, I know.  
Speaker 0    00:29:33    Actually, we're just renting a place because he goes to Sidwell.  
Speaker 1    00:29:35    Yeah. Is that Cleveland Park? Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Yeah. Cleveland Park. It's very nice road. So he can, after my old days, days knew people in there. My cousin lived there. <laugh>. Right. Yeah. It's a good spot. So your son's at Sidwell Friends, right. Good place. That's where my first husband went. <laugh>. That's his school. Oh, is that right? Yeah. Huh. We knew people from there. I  
Speaker 0    00:29:54    Didn't know that.  
Speaker 1    00:29:55    Yeah, that's maybe Kelsey did tell me. That's an old school. School, right? She might not have known that. No. Maybe she didn't I not <laugh> some old news. Right. I mean, we, my husband and I, Kurt had, we've known each other for 40 years. Yeah. You know, married for 36, but we can, or almost 37, we can't believe it. Right. And a lady that, that really is a shock. <laugh>. You know, when you had that birthday, so  
Speaker 0    00:30:20    Your first husband died young?  
Speaker 1    00:30:21    Yes, he did. He was 42. Oh yeah. And then, yeah, I was 30, 36 I guess. Oh my  
Speaker 0    00:30:27    Goodness. That must have been so  
Speaker 1    00:30:29    Tough. A widow. What? 36. I know. Someone said you should write one of those sob stories. <laugh>. That's right. Anyway, it was, it just was a lot of coping. Right. But I'm still coping. Not with that.  
Speaker 0    00:30:41    There's always things  
Speaker 1    00:30:42    To cope with. Other things. You always cope, <laugh>. That's right. Right. My daughter said, when you, I will put on your tombstone, she coped <laugh>. Thanks a lot. Well, that's a good, I did  
Speaker 0    00:30:53    The lumber business then in, in Upperville. Who did you supply? Did you do the building still then  
Speaker 1    00:30:59    After, um, we did, um, some, some lumber. We always sold lumber. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Then we ended up making a lot of stairs for people. Stairs. We had a, the stair building was there. Uh, we good. A good guy to do that. And then we had a mill, well that was, um, a few years after my husband died that we closed the mill. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. But we made millwork. Like all this is made by the mill. Oh wow. The, the paneling. And then that's beautiful mantle piece and the stairs and the, all that. But we, when you go around middleburg, uh, in people's houses, you, I could see it was Harry Adams. He did it. 'cause he's the man that worked in the mill. It was a tall black man. This is the sweetest thing. And he, um, did paneling for probably 30 years for people around here. And usually it would be pine. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. I showed the library and he had a library. He did that. And that would be his usual was to just have the wood finish. And so he did the library in the kitchen, in the wood finish here. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And the library's still the same. The kitchens, we had to strip the cupboards and put more, you know, put some other nice barnish on them. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. But most everything is, is stayed well. But he, he did. That's kind of, well  
Speaker 0    00:32:18    This is all so beautiful. Did he do it by  
Speaker 1    00:32:20    Hand? No, this one is that is, is purchased. Oh, I see. And those wa that's Waynes coating and all those little, they're all, they're, they were purchased, but mm-hmm <affirmative>. He did this, the regular panels and that door mm-hmm <affirmative>. In that door. That's the screen porch. The best room in the house. <laugh> out there in the summer. But I, we could do anything. He made the front door. The front door is beautiful. I was noticing, but I was standing there. I got it. A guy that's in the Hamilton and he comes once a year to just do something to it, you know, put some more finish on it and scrape it and stuff. Right. Because unfortunately it's in the sun. If it was on the backside, it'd be fine. But it just bleaches, <laugh>, it gets really tough. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Yeah. But I was thinking about the things that are a middleburg, uh, that, that I notice when I, when I drive around mm-hmm <affirmative>.  
Speaker 1    00:33:15    Um, that it sad, it saddens me because there are, there's so many people out here now maybe that aren't really country people, not that I am, but they seem to put a gate up on their place. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And so they're, 'cause they're worried about burglary and I don't know. Or maybe they're not there all the time, you know, you can understand why they do it. But there didn't used to be those, you know, out here. And also there's weed eating is gone rampant. So that every fence line, all the habitat for the birds, insects, animals is mowed. Right. Or weed eat. And then up here, the other day that you go up the road on the left, whoever bought Jane McCleary place who was a, a writer and wonderful person, they had that place for forever. They immediately started taking down the trees. No, I saw that up there.  
Speaker 1    00:34:16    And they, you know, it's, they'll for cash. And I talked to one of the lumber guys. 'cause I was like, you know where, what are, where's the saw mill for these trees? All, most of 'em are going out of the country. That's what he told me. That made it even worse. <laugh>. And then they left this huge pile that was obviously they didn't want. And so they just made this huge mess. And then after they did that, I'm already already mad about that. Then you turn left and go to 50, they completely strip that whole piece of land there. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And that wasn't bad enough. But then the other day, here comes the weed eaters and they took all the briars and brambles that were all around just gone. Right. So I think that's so sad for, you know, it, this is, I just love plants, birds, everything.  
Speaker 1    00:35:06    And I just can't, I think people just don't realize what they're doing. Um, that it's, you know, it's okay around your driveway, but everything doesn't need to be like that. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Manicured clean. If you go down Missoula, you know, it's all manicured. Right. It didn't used to be, but it is now. And the guy that does our grass, I mean, he'd been doing it forever, 50 years probably. You have to stop him 'cause he wants to do the same thing. And now he's got two guys with him and they're like out there like, no, don't go around that tree. Right. And don't go around this tree with that weed eater. So anyway, <laugh> you  
Speaker 0    00:35:41    Probably, yeah. Because everyone wants everything to be so laughter  
Speaker 1    00:35:44    Just tidy. You know, don't grass <laugh> and the trees, you know, in the summer they'll, if those big oak things, they'll get grass around, but they don't like look of that. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So they think, you know, have to do their job and get rid of it. <laugh>. And  
Speaker 0    00:35:58    I thought, when did you get into the birdwatching?  
Speaker 1    00:36:00    Well, when I was a little girl, Uhhuh <affirmative>, my grandmother was a bird watcher. She, um, was great. She took us up into the woods and you know, she took us all, 'cause she had loads of grandchildren, but two of us really, you know, we really liked the birds. The others could, you know, I didn't care. So <laugh>, we, we became, um, really interested in them. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So, so that  
Speaker 0    00:36:24    Must been wonderful for you to move out here and have Oh,  
Speaker 1    00:36:26    This, oh no, it was great. And it's a country and the trees, you know, she's a tree person too. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Now my daughter's a tree person. She's an artist. But now she's doing, um, try, she's doing trees, uh, the inner tree in the bark and all this kind of thing. She's doing that to be a big, had a big show at the Laguna Art Museum with all her, um, she called Xylem. Mm-hmm. That's the inside. Now she wants to go to all the 50 states and see, um, do a tree, uh, some kind of something from some tree. And now she was here and went over to, um, Harpers Ferry. Uh, and you know, just look around to see what, what she could do mm-hmm <affirmative>. To get some ideas. That was interesting. But that tree thing has come down from my grandma to my father and then me <laugh>. Right.  
Speaker 0    00:37:16    And how has the bird population changed here?  
Speaker 1    00:37:20    Uh, yes. We  
Speaker 0    00:37:21    Were just talking about that with Naty. Kay. 'cause she was saying that she would go out to, as a realtor. Yeah. So whenever she would sell a big property, she would ask if she could come hunt there. So she would go out a couple days a week and be able to hunt quail and Yes. But there's, birds aren't here anymore.  
Speaker 1    00:37:37    Yeah. I think that's what I was thinking about. Wondering about those Bob whites and mm-hmm <affirmative>. Um, if they would be, you know, still around. I, we do the Cornell Bird count. We've done that for, well, I was one of the first people to do it. So I think it's about 25 year three, maybe 30 mm-hmm <affirmative>. Um, you do it once a week. And like the weekend, we're doing it for two days. Today. We've got this thing out in the kitchen. But, um, you do notice, like my favorites were white throated sparrows. They're little things. They have a little white bib, like, and then they have stripe. And we used to have at least, um, well around 15, 16 around the feeders. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Um, and this year we have two. And so there's been a change in that. Um, they're the ones I've noticed most. And it's, there seems to be chickies. Last year people said there weren't many of those, but we've had them still coming. But I think, and also we had this crazy winter we didn't snow. And so you wonder if they're just up north Right. A little more. Right. Because that's where they go in the winter. I mean the summer though. Right. They're breeding all the way, you know, up there. But we still have tons of cardinals and pit mice. Not hatches, redheaded woodpeckers. Um,  
Speaker 0    00:38:56    Blue Jays. I see  
Speaker 1    00:38:57    Blue Jays, a lot of those. But the redheads, um, they weren't here. They, I mean, I'd seen them Sky meadows and around different places, but they weren't here until about five years ago at our place. And they've just seemed to taken over. They're like three or four on the feeder maybe at one time. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And Friends wouldn't believe us. We took a picture, you know. But they're, they're, they're, uh, now becoming common, which is good. A new, you know, 'cause we did the counts at Christmas time. There were loads of them spotted. It's interesting. And  
Speaker 0    00:39:29    Where do you do the counts? That's  
Speaker 1    00:39:30    Right here. There's a, a call me's neck count and a Loudoun Conservancy count. Um, we did two. It, it's usually horrible weather, but you, um, walk a little and you can drive. But a lot of places let you come in farms. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. In Upperville. Um, we did them. And then down back of Aldi, have you seen that Tail Race road? Yes. That's on one borderline and goes way back in there. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. It's interesting that they've done that for Christmas. Bird counts. I don't know how many years they've done that. We don't always do it, but, but we did this year. And we are, we're happy to. We're happy we did. And, and saw a lot of birds.  
Speaker 0    00:40:11    And now the, um, the Eagles are back. Mm-hmm  
Speaker 1    00:40:16    <affirmative>. Dad know they, they're up there. Do know where that nest is, right up Zula. Mm-hmm <affirmative>.  
Speaker 0    00:40:22    There's one on a Toka too. And there's one back in.  
Speaker 1    00:40:24    Oh, farm Toka Know. Where's that one? I don't know about that.  
Speaker 0    00:40:27    So there's one on the corner, sort of Carter's mill and Toka. Yeah. And then back down in which you really can't get back down there except on a horse. But there's a, there's a, there's a piece of property back in a Toka farm where you go down in this sort of like a hollow Oh. And there's a big tree where they've got a nest. A huge thing. Yeah.  
Speaker 1    00:40:49    Oh, does that go down toward Crenshaw? Mm-hmm  
Speaker 0    00:40:52    <affirmative>. Yeah. Um, let's see. No. Yes, yes. Yeah. It would be going down towards Crenshaw, sort of on the front, a hill  
Speaker 1    00:40:58    Front side going down. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Oh, that's so interesting. But you can't see it from the car?  
Speaker 0    00:41:04    No, I don't think, I don't believe you could see it from a car. This one. It's just that I had Yeah. Ride back in there.  
Speaker 1    00:41:10    No. Did they go back And I wonder, I'll tell Jim the boys, 'cause they go on the bikes, right. Or the side, you know, mountain bikes. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. They could look for it because there was one on, um, melons when Mellon was, tell her Mrs. Mellon was still alive, Dr. By, which was a good name for him, for Ornithologist from William and Mary <laugh>, Dr. Bird. He came up here. Um, and that was one of the nests he monitored. But I'm not sure it was there. It might have been. Hmm. You know, in those days I always thought it was, you know, on the other side of the creek, up on the millons. But I never saw it. So I don't know. But this one over here, um, on Maggie Bryants that you can see from the road and the blue gate is there and it usually open. Right. But you can see  
Speaker 0    00:41:57    Oh, I know where that blue gate  
Speaker 1    00:41:59    Is. Yeah. And that binoculars look back there and you can't see it in the summer. But now there's this huge nest. They've been there for a long time. <laugh>. Right. And the other day I went and it, you could see the white head. So someone's sitting on the next.  
Speaker 0    00:42:11    Right. So that's good. Well, they're so protected. They're Yeah. But they're like, no one's gonna, well we went to Alaska and they're just like pigeons.  
Speaker 1    00:42:20    Oh, I know <laugh>. It's funny. I've never been up there, but, but here, you know, it's, people are like, oh, there's a bald eagle, you know, wonderful. Uhhuh, <affirmative>, <laugh>. We got the fellow that cuts our grass, he hunts back here. And so we got him, he has to gut the deer. And then he takes them and he actually gives them to the Food Bank of Marshall. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. But he gets a lot of 'em easily. So if he guts them over on the hill over there, then the Eagles come and you can see 'em. Yeah. And I haven't seen them this year  
Speaker 0    00:42:50    Because they're big scavengers.  
Speaker 1    00:42:52    Yeah. So they're coming to, ah, they're some nice meat. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. You know, for me. So that was good.  
Speaker 0    00:42:59    Now did you have property out in, uh,  
Speaker 1    00:43:06    Upperville?  
Speaker 0    00:43:07    Not Upperville, but Hume.  
Speaker 1    00:43:10    Oh yes. In Markham. Markham. Markham. Yeah. We had, we still have some property, but we had a cabin there for many years. Right. But we, we've sold it. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. I think we built that in 60. But we built it before we came out here. Oh, you  
Speaker 0    00:43:22    Did? Yeah.  
Speaker 1    00:43:23    And then, um, my first husband was like, we'll move there. Will this enlarge? And I'm like, no, no, because too far away.  
Speaker 0    00:43:31    Yeah. With kids.  
Speaker 1    00:43:32    But Kelsey's been there. Little Billy, he, he got that old place there a long time ago. But you know, the cabin was kind of, it was so much fun. Right. He had a pond and it was lovely. So  
Speaker 0    00:43:45    Enjoyed that I've been there. Um, because she took me there because I hunt morell mushrooms.  
Speaker 1    00:43:49    Oh, you're the one that Morell Hunter? Yeah. Oh, that's  
Speaker 0    00:43:52    Good. And she told me, oh, Billy used to go up and hunt Morell's. Yeah.  
Speaker 1    00:43:57    Yeah.  
Speaker 0    00:43:58    So I said, oh, you  
Speaker 1    00:43:59    Should go up  
Speaker 0    00:43:59    There. Tell would you please take me? So she's taken me up there.  
Speaker 1    00:44:03    Yeah, good. 'cause that, um, we still have that property up on the mountain. Oh you do? Yeah. You go up and you cross the cattle guard. Right. And then you bear left and there's a road and there's a gate there. And then, um, that's a, um,  
Speaker 0    00:44:18    There's like an apple orchard there.  
Speaker 1    00:44:21    No, there's no apple orchard. Hmm. But you might have gone on, uh, what's it called? Fiery run road.  
Speaker 0    00:44:26    Yes. That's where I went up  
Speaker 1    00:44:27    There. So you must have gone past the cabin entrance. Right. Is on just past the railroad tracks. You go left. That's going up to the cabin.  
Speaker 0    00:44:36    So you're going up fiery run  
Speaker 1    00:44:39    Across,  
Speaker 0    00:44:40    Here's the train tracks. Yeah. And there's that like turn there.  
Speaker 1    00:44:44    Yeah. You just, you go just after the train tracks that does bear, that's, and then you first left. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. It's a, it's a rocky looking drive. Yes. Steep drive. That's where you go up. Yeah. So that is a right of way. And then the cabin property was like after the cattle guard mm-hmm <affirmative>. Um, and it went that way. But then the land came down off to the left. There was another tract of land mm-hmm <affirmative>. And goes way up there. And we sold that like 20 years ago for a cell tower. Right. Just let 'em put one there on like what, however many square feet. Right. But that they have to keep up that road so you can get up there. Oh. Into the top where it's really pretty. So that'd  
Speaker 0    00:45:25    Be okay. Mm-hmm  
Speaker 1    00:45:26    <affirmative>. Yeah, anytime. Okay. The comp. So  
Speaker 0    00:45:29    You don't go up fiery run. You go up this. Oh, that'd be so much better because we end up going up fiery run and then like, parking on the road really. Or parking where those people have the little orchard place. Yes. And sort of not probably kosher. Yeah. And then just sort of bush whacking our way back in. Yeah.  
Speaker 1    00:45:49    No, no, no. Don't just go right up there and then just there. You'll just bear up. Because those, you'll  
Speaker 0    00:45:55    See those hills are perfect there.  
Speaker 1    00:45:57    They're perfect up there. And that, that road will let you drive right up, you know, up there and it's, you know. Yeah. See all the mores on the way. <laugh>. But Kelsey knows, 'cause she walks up there sometimes. Yeah.  
Speaker 0    00:46:10    She  
Speaker 1    00:46:10    Walked.  
Speaker 0    00:46:10    Yeah, she's, she's  
Speaker 1    00:46:11    Walked up there. She must think that Marrell spot is over, over there by the orchard. But that's not our property there.  
Speaker 0    00:46:18    I know.  
Speaker 1    00:46:19    No. So that, I don't know who that, that may be the woman that bought the cabin. 'cause she owned land on fiery run up past ours.  
Speaker 1    00:46:29    And then on up. And then she had this, I think it was a hun. How much was it there? I don't know. Anyway, she had a, it was her, she and her brother owned a place off to the left. You might might've seen it. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. I don't know whether the Apple os were on her place or not. Right. But then, um, she wanted our, the cabin, 'cause it had 150 acres and she wanted to give 50 acres to each of her sons or something. Oh, nice. So she got it. So, and I haven't, I'm always up there with my husband and he refused to go in <laugh>. I would've gone in and Snoop. Now Olivia went in, she went in there with Peter and she saw that, she said it didn't look like they're keeping it up very well. And I was like, oh, no, no, no <laugh>. But it's, um, anyway, we planted trees around it. I just like to see how big they've gone. Right. It'd  
Speaker 0    00:47:16    Be fun. So that, but the house that Kelsey's in, she said was Bill's aunt.  
Speaker 1    00:47:22    Yeah. That was, um, oh, more than that. She was like his great great aunt or something like that. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Yeah. That's not part of the property. But it was, um, that would came for sale because some, whoever had bought it from them, the Edsons, um, they were all related to the Leachman. Um, they let the pipes freeze up and the radiators rolled that freeze up and they didn't pay their mortgage and the whole sink gone. So Bill bought that, um, for a song. And then he, at some old place in, um, prince Royal had a house where they had radiators, um, they wanna get rid of. So he got those, which whatever he needed. Um, that's how that owl hap it's a beautiful house, but it's a nice old house.  
Speaker 0    00:48:06    Yeah, it is a  
Speaker 1    00:48:07    Nice house. She's got it for sale, you know. But she's sick. Poor Kelsey. She kept me in the Texas this morning. She had to go to Haymarket.  
Speaker 0    00:48:16    I heard that  
Speaker 1    00:48:16    Because she worried that she, you know, I was worried that she had the corn, the virus. Right. Bad virus. But I think she, she, what they said is she's got the flu and acute bronchitis, but she could hardly talk last night. Right. So anyway, joy. Joy, her  
Speaker 0    00:48:32    Joy. I know.  
Speaker 1    00:48:34    Thank  
Speaker 0    00:48:34    Goodness. Just, I was at another meeting and I was supposed to see Joy later. And I, I saw Joy yesterday and I said, good. Had did you check on Kelsey? Because when I texted her this morning Yes. 'cause I was supposed to see her Thursday night and she said to text me Thursday and said, oh no, she wasn't well sick. So then I said yesterday I just checked on, on Kelsey, you should check on her too. And she said, I'm glad you said that because I went with the, to the ER with her today because she couldn't,  
Speaker 1    00:49:02    Last night she could barely talk. And I said, that's the only thing you can do is go to the er, could you go to Winchester? And she said, well, I'd rather go to Haymarket. Which is, that's a big hospital now. Right. I never go over there that way. So I don't see it. But Right. Evidently they were good and they gave her antibiotic and, but Dr. Griffith, you know these doctors, they don't want people in their office. Right. In case they have it. And then here we are on like the dangerous age that they say don't go around. And we had to go to Hopkins 'cause Richard had a surgery in um, January and he had to go over there, uh, Wednesday for checkups. So had to spend the night. So we were in love a bad spot. Right. But the doctor said, we're just doing the elbow and you know, touching shoes and this kind of thing. But one of 'em was very worried 'cause had a plan trip to Italy and then, um, he's afraid to go because he thinks when he gets back he'll be quarantined. Yeah.  
Speaker 0    00:49:55    Well  
Speaker 1    00:49:55    There's saying he can't afford two weeks outta  
Speaker 0    00:49:57    Work. They're saying at C'S school that anybody goes to a tier one country, they can't come to school for two weeks. Oh  
Speaker 1    00:50:04    Yeah.  
Speaker 0    00:50:05    Interesting. And they're not penalized for it. They'll have work and whatever. Yeah. Still, but they just want them to self isolate. Yeah.  
Speaker 1    00:50:10    Well I think they're gonna have to do that at Hill School as well. Jim was saying this morning that, you know, there people, someone got a, the Italy trip on at the auction. Oh, hill school auction last year, I guess May when they had that. Right. And they went, um, recently or he went and took the daughter. And so when she came back, then they had to ask her to stay home from school and then the brothers had to stay home from school too. Right. I don't know what their name is. Um, I don't know them, but it's, yeah, it's serious. So anyway, Kelsey, I said, do you need something? Do you need food? And we could do anything. You bring it over and drop it on your porch. So I think Jim Mead, you are gonna take something. But Molly had brought things. Kelsey said she doesn't need anything. Right. Well, she said that just, you know, I don't know if  
Speaker 0    00:51:00    She, she doesn't wanna worry anybody. I  
Speaker 1    00:51:02    Don't, she doesn't want Yeah. Doesn't want anybody to bother. Right,  
Speaker 0    00:51:05    Right. Well I got a big pot of chicken broth making yay. Overnight. So when it's done tomorrow I'm gonna  
Speaker 1    00:51:12    Get her take it over there. I'll take some over there. Oh, that's sweet. 'cause we really take care of her. 'cause she, you know, you get something like that, it's so hard to recover. And she by herself. Right. So worried me, Richard said, well, what can we do that not a lot  
Speaker 0    00:51:27    <laugh>. Well, she just needs a rest. She goes, yeah.  
Speaker 1    00:51:29    She goes, just stay home  
Speaker 0    00:51:30    So fast.  
Speaker 1    00:51:31    Yeah. I think she, she said she might've gotten it on her Florida trip on the plane, but you don't know. Mm-hmm  
Speaker 0    00:51:37    <affirmative>.  
Speaker 1    00:51:38    It could have been, it couldn't have been from anywhere. You never know. <laugh>, you know.  
Speaker 0    00:51:42    No, you  
Speaker 1    00:51:43    Don't know. One year. We were supposed to go to Montana, I guess about a couple years ago and we, Richard and I both got the flu and it was in June. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And we couldn't go, you know, cancel, but everyone else could go. But we couldn't <laugh> until he saw ourselves at home. I know. Very bad.  
Speaker 0    00:52:00    When you took over the lumber business, were there a lot of women that had, um, owned businesses in the area? Did was that an issue that you were a woman in that, in that industry?  
Speaker 1    00:52:14    Yeah. Yeah, of course. You know, but everybody was nice to me and, uh, the people that worked there were absolutely super, you know, they couldn't have been nicer. They tried to help in any way they could. And, you know, until I, the manager, Sam Uptake, he's still living in front Royal. He's absolutely was wonderful. And, um, everybody was, I, I must say, and I knew I couldn't run the thing, you know, totally by myself. But, so about three years, I got, um, fellow that I'd known that through a bank and he wanted to do it. And he's the one that bought it in the long run, but he was, um, CEO and I was chairman of the board after that. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Which is better, but I just so went there all the time. Right. 'cause just to keep track what was going on. And then the housing sales were doing.  
Speaker 1    00:53:06    Well, you know, we've got some, it started summer cabins when my first husband sold and we sold, um, because we didn't sell much lumber, because as soon as he bought that place, then, um, they opened the Millburn millwork. And so they were getting a lot of business and there wasn't enough business for everybody. So we started the HO Housing. Um, and people were building, uh, small houses ca, you know, cabins up in Shenandoah Farms. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. In West Virginia. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And, um, we suppli a lot of them. And there's some nice ones around. And Jimmy Mills even bought two of our so-called Rotundas, which was a square house with a skylight on the roof. He bought two of them and put 'em together over in his farm. But that was in the seventies that he did that. I don't know if they're still there or not.  
Speaker 0    00:53:54    So those were sort of prefabricated.  
Speaker 1    00:53:56    Mm-hmm <affirmative>. He made the cabin patents and all in the mill there. Yeah. It was an interest. It was interesting. And I don't know if that building back there was actually a fat little factory. We made all the panels and I had all the machines to nail, you know mm-hmm <affirmative>. Nail things together. So it made a panel. It didn't, you know, there it, like that wall would come and the window holes would be there. But interesting. And I see that now, now that it's 20, 20, 20, they're going down 50. Right. You see 'em all the time. Right. So they're going to those subdivisions, that's how they're doing them, which is, you know, it's a sensible way of doing it. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. You can still put 'em up, you totally insulate. And then you do have to do the work inside. But basically you're, you can get your house up pretty quick.  
Speaker 0    00:54:47    But you were making the panels there. I mean, it was not a industrial process. It was more a, a artisanal process.  
Speaker 1    00:54:57    Well, I know what you would call it. I mean, you, the, we had the, the, the, um, regular lumber, two by fours, two by sixes, all that. And then we had the p plywood for the outside mm-hmm <affirmative>. For if it was going to be, um, the, uh, what's, what do you call it? I've forgotten all my terms. <laugh>, the siding, uh, that was not wood for ca perhaps they would put that on there. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. But a lot of it on the cabins was plywood siding, you know, and you probably didn't last as last long as it should. But, you know, for, you could stain it and do anything you want with it, but you could make a panel with it, you know, so you didn't have to, to go and, you know, put it all on by hand. Right. It was put on by hand. But it was, it was in the factory with, and they had the up above with a nail machines. Yeah, it did. Did it. So it's  
Speaker 0    00:55:55    Basically, and did you all build that factory?  
Speaker 1    00:55:58    Yeah. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Yeah. It's in the back of that property. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. If you go straight back, um, it's a big building. It goes like this. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And that's, that's in there. And the front of that property is zoned industrial. Um, the back is agricultural. So you know what will happen there. My friends always wanted me to build low cost housing in there, but I wasn't willing to do that in Upperville. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. That they'd go crazy <laugh>. Right. One woman tried to, it started to argue with me at the Safeway when I was trying to check out this after I'd sold the business. And she said, do you know what they're doing there at the northern counties? They're having these auctions at night and they're disturbing all the neighbors. I said, I'm sorry, but I can't do anything about it. Right. I've sold it. Well, well, I just wanted you to know <laugh>, it's like a small town thing.  
Speaker 1    00:56:50    That's so funny. There's not many houses out there. No. There's, there's a volunteer fire department and Well, and there's a little house used to belong to Mrs. Sing. Um, and well drillers across the street. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. But, um, that property would be fine for some housing for Windy Hill or anything for Windy Hill for Yeah. I know. I know. People have to, it may come to that eventually, but Well, people have to drive so far between work and their home. They don't. That's exactly right. And Fred Spencer, I don't know if you ever knew him at all. Mm-hmm. He built a few houses back in there, and he's married to Molly Debuts and, you know, was relative to everybody, but he got in a lot of trouble for building those houses, you know, all kinds of complaints and, you know, but it's, um, bad. Why bad?  
Speaker 1    00:57:41    'cause people didn't want, they didn't want the houses. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. You know, but they don't have to then realize where are people going to live, you know, and they, now we have the Windy Hill, they've done a lot of work with that and that out at, um, unison, um, and then off, um, Ville Road out there. I mean, there were some places out there with no plumbing and, you know, it was pretty rough. Right. So they've done something about that. But it's hard, you know, this is Brigadoon and, and Brigadoon, you don't worry about all that. You don't want a lot of houses around. You just want Meadows. And, you know, it's tough. It's really tough. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. You know, and that's why we never even, I didn't consider it, you know, maybe have to be a bit gutsy, <laugh>. I just don't care what people or not care.  
Speaker 1    00:58:34    Not care. Just say that's what we're doing. You know? Right. So I'm the one who came up in the meeting and, and, uh, about the retirement home at east of Middleburg and said, we need, we need a retirement home. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And then someone said, well, we already have one, but it just only has room for 15 people. Right. You know, we need something bigger. We didn't need that big, but we need something. But, um, so I open my big mouth, I guess the older I get <laugh>, but I still, we do. And my husband and I would love to be able to move out of here into something else around here, so that, you know. Right. But we, there's nothing to move into, so, no. And if you move into town, that's just moving to another house. But when you, if you really wanna move, you wanna move into a place, place where you, you know, we can retirement home. Right. Something where you'll be taken care of, like Westminster Canterbury or something like that. Yes. That's where the morphs did go.  
Speaker 0    00:59:30    Yeah. There's,  
Speaker 1    00:59:31    And, uh, they liked it.  
Speaker 0    00:59:32    Yeah. They went to the one in Charlottesville. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And then there's one in Winchester, I  
Speaker 1    00:59:36    Think. Yeah. We've got friends in the Winchester one, and I, I knew they've got that. And then there's some, somebody we knew was at, um, the Northern neck. There's one down there. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Westminster Canterbury. Isn't  
Speaker 0    00:59:48    There a place in Marshall?  
Speaker 1    00:59:49    Um, there, there was, and I don't know if it's still there. I  
Speaker 0    00:59:53    Don't know either.  
Speaker 1    00:59:54    That's a nursing home. Really? I think. And they, they took Alzheimer's patients. I know that. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So there's a little bit, you know, that was different. Not what we're looking for. Right. Because, um, he's up in West Pit, up there is Mayo Brown and Oh, yeah. He said, I have something going on all the time. If you wanted to,  
Speaker 0    01:00:14    I'd like to talk to him. Do you know him? Yes. I wonder if you might pass him my number. Okay. Or give me his contact.  
Speaker 1    01:00:20    I know he would. He's a wonderful person.  
Speaker 0    01:00:22    He would, he has a lot of good stories,  
Speaker 1    01:00:23    I hear. Yes, he does. And he, I can be, I'm glad he actually called Richard just yesterday. They're good friends. But he's, he's, um, he was here years and years ago. He can't hear very well if that would be a problem. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. You'd have to really yell. Right. You know, he's got hearing aids, but he's 90, how old is he? 90 something, 95.  
Speaker 0    01:00:47    Well, I see him in the hairdresser in Marshall. I saw him once. Huh? He comes in and Marshall to get his hair cut still.  
Speaker 1    01:00:53    Well, where do you go in Marshall, Gary? Well,  
Speaker 0    01:00:55    I just went there once. I actually go into Middleburg, but the girl that I see was having a baby, so she, so I went down to this place in Marshall.  
Speaker 1    01:01:04    Is that blue, right? Blue? Is that all right? Is that good? Well,  
Speaker 0    01:01:08    I just went there the one time.  
Speaker 1    01:01:09    One time. Yeah. Well, who do you go to in Mar in Middleburg yet?  
Speaker 0    01:01:11    Uh, Katie, her name is, she's wonderful. She's at Dwight Grant's salon. At Salon Aubrey. Okay. Right there next to the liquor store.  
Speaker 1    01:01:20    Yes. I gotcha. I've better write it down.  
Speaker 0    01:01:22    Her name's Katie and  
Speaker 1    01:01:23    Mine's retired, so I have need my haircut.  
Speaker 0    01:01:25    <laugh>. Oh, she's fantastic. She has two little kids. Good. And they live on, um, oh, I think they live in a place on Claude Shock's property.  
Speaker 1    01:01:35    Okay. Um, that's Dwight. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Dwight's. Yeah, I know where that is.  
Speaker 0    01:01:42    Slon. Aubrey can actually go online and make an appointment. Don't even have to talk to anybody anymore.  
Speaker 1    01:01:47    Okay. That's great. Thank you. I had Georgia and she was always good. And then she moved up to Millwood. She said, oh, you won't want a cold. Come all the way up there. And I said, oh, yes, I would. Because lock door's right next door. <laugh>, she was right next door. And I think  
Speaker 0    01:02:02    I know exactly where that was. Her daughter was, she's not there anymore.  
Speaker 1    01:02:05    She's not, she's retired. Her daughter was there, but her daughter, um, didn't get my hair. She, she wanted to do all this stuff, and I, I'm not ready for that. <laugh>  
Speaker 0    01:02:13    <laugh>.  
Speaker 1    01:02:14    So we had to park ways. Well,  
Speaker 0    01:02:16    Katie will do whatever you want. That's  
Speaker 1    01:02:18    Good. She's  
Speaker 0    01:02:19    A very good,  
Speaker 1    01:02:20    So that, thank you.  
Speaker 0    01:02:21    Good, good.  
Speaker 1    01:02:22    Sort. Very nice. So I don't know if you have any more  
Speaker 0    01:02:26    Questions. Tell me about the, I, I hear so much about the social life here and how people were just always getting together and having dinner parties  
Speaker 1    01:02:38    And Yes. Oh, no. There were a a lot in there. Not now. Well, I'm not, maybe I'm not going to 'em, but there's, there always was a cocktail party. Yeah. You know, and there was all the hunt breakfasts. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Um, that was interesting. And, you know, people, well, now our age, we don't do all that stuff now. Cocktail parties, dinner parties. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. A lot. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. But, um, it's not, it's too bad. I think we should have one every so often. <laugh>. Yeah,  
Speaker 0    01:03:02    Absolutely. You get dressed  
Speaker 1    01:03:03    Up. I had in a long time. I don't, but I think, do you still, do you go to a lot of cocktail parties? I,  
Speaker 0    01:03:10    You know, not as many big ones. No. I feel like there used to be bigger ones, even 10 years ago where you would go, and now maybe it's Christmas or mm-hmm <affirmative>. Around the races or  
Speaker 1    01:03:22    Something. We used to have a party at Christmas and, you know mm-hmm <affirmative>. It was great, you know, but we just have people over for supper, you know, that kinda stuff.  
Speaker 0    01:03:28    Right.  
Speaker 1    01:03:29    But, because also we have, we had bad hearing <laugh>, bad hearing. My husband was a pilot, and he, he definitely has bad hearing, but I've just got it from genetics. And some of my cousins, I asked him, oh yeah, we're, we're hearing aids. Oh. So that's a problem at big parties, because you can't hear a darn, can't hear  
Speaker 0    01:03:48    Anything.  
Speaker 1    01:03:48    Or if you're at a table with like 10 people, a round table, like at the auction, no <laugh>, you can talk to the person next door, but next to you. But that's all.  
Speaker 0    01:03:59    And all your kids went to the Hill School. Mm-hmm  
Speaker 1    01:04:02    <affirmative>.  
Speaker 0    01:04:03    Yeah.  
Speaker 1    01:04:03    Yes, they did. Yeah. They got there and they went, bill went to St. James, which is up in, uh, Maryland. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Kristen went to Foxcroft, and Jim went to, um, Episcopal. So they stayed around. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. You know, and then they went off to college. Bill said he didn't wanna go anywhere but Virginia <laugh>. I remember that. I said, well, that's good because they won't have to drive so far. Right. So we drove out in the apartments. We went was, uh, Lynchburg, what is down there? Oh, Hampton, Sydney. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. He went to WL which is nice. So we weren't hoping, I'm just hoping to hear from Hannah. Yes. That she might have gotten into UVA or, I don't know. That's a long shot. There was so many people blind. There's so many people. And Bill wouldn't have gotten into WL Somebody said as soon as they got the girls, it got really hard there. <laugh>. That was good. And my nieces, one of my nieces went to, was the fir in the first law school class down there. Girl. First woman in the golf school. They were six of them. And then all men. So she, she's had a good time. <laugh>, because she <laugh>. But she's older now. Right? She's about Sally. She, she's probably almost 70 mm. <laugh>.  
Speaker 0    01:05:19    Was she still practice law?  
Speaker 1    01:05:21    No. When she retired, she was with, what'd she go with when she got out? She went with the National Labor Relations Board in DC. Oh, neat. You know, she was a smart cookie. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Her. Then she met her husband. She went to some place in Chicago. Then she met her husband and got married. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And she lives now in Fort Lauderdale, <laugh>. So, and retired. But they didn't retire that he actually went with Waste Management or something as a lawyer, and then ended up in Fort Lauderdale. So it's not a bad place to be. No. That's  
Speaker 0    01:05:50    A lot of people wanna go. Yeah,  
Speaker 1    01:05:51    I know.  
Speaker 0    01:05:52    End up there.  
Speaker 1    01:05:53    He really, well,  
Speaker 0    01:05:55    What do you, what do you think is the biggest thing that's changed about Middleburg in the time you've been here?  
Speaker 1    01:06:00    Oh goodness. I think the town is probably the biggest thing that's changed for me. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. The Safeway hasn't. And, um, it's got better things in it now. But I just have a friend that went to Whole Foods once a week and did all her shopping. But she was like an expert cook. Right. Christine. Christine was wonderful, but she, she died. Yeah. Um, but, um, yeah, that's, that's it. And then Salamander, um, I never, I just forget it's there kind of. I never go there. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Um, I probably should. But it, it seems to me like it's a big country club. And so I, I think that's a big change in Middleburg to see that over there. When you go down Fox Grove Road and you're like, oh God, I forgot that was in there. It's huge. And all the lights at night and everything. So that's, that's changed.  
Speaker 1    01:06:51    So for me, I think, um, but I'm the old guard as somebody at the tennis club said, all the old guard is complaining <laugh> about the cook leaving. Right. He was so good. And he cooked all these wonderful cramp cakes. But, um, anyway, I got blamed. We got blamed for that. 'cause we were complaining. But I, I think I loved the old town the way it was, but it's, it's because that's the way it was. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Yeah. And I think now it's, sometimes you, it's a bit of a tourist trap. You know, a lot of stores that, you know, you don't really need. Um, and you know, it's fine if they, you know, they have their business, but it's just lost at the Oyster bar now. That really good. <laugh>.  
Speaker 0    01:07:34    Yeah. <laugh>. So sometimes the good stuff  
Speaker 1    01:07:37    Fill in. Oh yeah, I know the good stuff. And that really was a big change. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Wonderful. And then sad, sadly the French hound left. That was too bad. Very sad. I blame that Phil Thomas for that. I knew. I know him. I know him, but he <laugh> he got raised their rent and they're such a wonderful couple.  
Speaker 0    01:07:57    Well, I think that's happened in a lot of way in Middleburg. Yeah. That the people get a little greedy and, and  
Speaker 1    01:08:04    Then, yeah. Well, let's see. They think all these tourists are coming and every weekend and it's wonderful. Maybe we can get more money. Um, and, you know, if I had a business, I'd want more money too, I suppose, but, but it's, it's too bad.  
Speaker 0    01:08:20    But it's hard for the small business owners to Yeah.  
Speaker 1    01:08:23    Make end. Yeah. That couple, they, you know, he was cooking and she was out, Marnie was out in the front and, you know, they couldn't do it. And then they moved over to Leesburg or wherever it landsdown. We went there a few times, but it was a big place. Did you ever go there? No. It was a bigger place. That, that was a bad idea anyway.  
Speaker 0    01:08:42    No, they've closed that now too. Mm-hmm <affirmative>.  
Speaker 1    01:08:44    Yeah. I just wonder where they are.  
Speaker 0    01:08:47    Well, I don't know. I, it was funny because I was looking for some outdoor furniture and I saw something on eBay, you know, online. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And I wrote a note and it was Marni.  
Speaker 1    01:09:01    Oh goodness. Well, it must have been there. Maybe the furniture that they had outside. Right. Oh, well, her daughter was over in school at, um, oh dear. Oh, I can't remember the name. Banneker. She was at, I think she was at Banneker. Is she  
Speaker 0    01:09:21    That old already?  
Speaker 1    01:09:21    Little daughter? Yeah.  
Speaker 0    01:09:23    I remember when she was born.  
Speaker 1    01:09:25    I think. So either that, that was um, she's there or they were living near there.  
Speaker 0    01:09:31    I think they're living in Middleburg on Route 50.  
Speaker 1    01:09:35    Okay. Um, oh,  
Speaker 0    01:09:36    Out towards when you go to st. Towards St. Louis.  
Speaker 1    01:09:41    St. Louis. Yeah. That's what I gather. Well, maybe that's where I got the ker thing from. Yeah. 'cause she was talking, last time we were there. She said, oh, we love the area. Then somebody said that they thought she had gone to, that they were gonna go back to Tennessee where she was from or something. I bet. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. That was just probably a rumor. Yeah. Everybody liked them so much. <laugh>. They were,  
Speaker 0    01:10:04    Everybody has an opinion. Yeah.  
Speaker 1    01:10:07    Has an opinion about what's gonna happen. Right. I just wish they'd open a restaurant.  
Speaker 0    01:10:10    Yeah, me too. But I miss those french fries.  
Speaker 1    01:10:14    Yeah. French food, steak, fruits. <laugh>. We love going down there. And Olivia, that's where we used to go on our, our grandmother granddaughter dinner. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Go down there. And she loved that. So I say, well, I found Claire's in Warrenton. It's sort of like that <laugh> Yeah. Is good. We have good food there. So Jimmy sick me for my birthday. He took us to, um, all of us. We went over, I've,  
Speaker 0    01:10:39    We had a  
Speaker 1    01:10:40    Wonderful, so nice  
Speaker 0    01:10:41    AMIA's like I never been there. It's my new favorite place.  
Speaker 1    01:10:44    I know. Well, the food's so good.  
Speaker 0    01:10:46    Yeah. It forget about it. We used to go there a lot, you know. Yeah. For dates before kids. But  
Speaker 1    01:10:51    Yeah, now we don't. Was that the depot then? Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Yeah. That's 'cause we went there the depot too, a long time ago. 'cause we have friends in Hanock and they always wanted meet for lunch there. And that's, we've had lunch, but I've never been there at supper in a long time. So that was good. Yeah. But, and the food came just quick, you know? And delicious. Yeah.  
Speaker 0    01:11:11    So  
Speaker 1    01:11:12    Pretty good too. We go back again. <laugh>.  
Speaker 0    01:11:14    Yeah. It's nice. It's  
Speaker 1    01:11:15    Nice. Yeah. We thought we liked the back room too. Better than the front.  
Speaker 0    01:11:18    Yeah. I like that too. Front  
Speaker 1    01:11:19    Was too,  
Speaker 0    01:11:20    Too much fun. We went to the tennis club for dinner last night.  
Speaker 1    01:11:22    You did? Was that good? Sort of. Yeah. I don't know. It's  
Speaker 0    01:11:27    Come around a lot since the beginning.  
Speaker 1    01:11:30    Yeah. I'll  
Speaker 0    01:11:31    Say  
Speaker 1    01:11:32    That's maybe he's getting better. Yeah. It's not like it used to be. <laugh>, the old guard says that's problem. Well,  
Speaker 0    01:11:42    That's so cute. It's nice to be able to go out and get something that isn't so fancy. You know, you would make it home, but you just don't have to make it. That's right. Up. But you don't want so fancy all the time. No,  
Speaker 1    01:11:54    No. Well I know that they had that advertised for that dinner, special dinner. Then my husband said, that's $150.  
Speaker 0    01:12:01    $50 <laugh>. I know. Our friends were like, you wanna go? I'm like,  
Speaker 1    01:12:04    No, that's too much. And the lobster dinner is too much too. And the lobster's too big. So all of us, I think the old guard all needs to get together and meet with the chef <laugh> and say, here you, you have a smaller lobster.  
Speaker 0    01:12:18    Right.  
Speaker 1    01:12:18    Have dinners that aren't so expensive. 'cause that's what we're on. We're on an old fogy membership where you pay you, you're not, you don't use the tennis courts and you can, that's about it. You can use the pool.  
Speaker 0    01:12:30    Right.  
Speaker 1    01:12:31    But  
Speaker 0    01:12:32    Social  
Speaker 1    01:12:32    Membership. Social membership. Yeah. So  
Speaker 0    01:12:34    They don't really call it an old fogey membership.  
Speaker 1    01:12:37    Well, I do <laugh>, they wouldn't wanna do that, our feelings. But we, because we had resigned because we kept going to England and we're back and forth and we just weren't using it. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And I wasn't playing tennis. 'cause my blasted knee, um, is gonna have to be replaced. I don't, I don't look forward to that. But that kept us from, um, we reside and then when they came out with the social membership, we thought, oh, I think we'll do that. Right.  
Speaker 0    01:13:04    'cause you're so close right here. Yeah.  
Speaker 1    01:13:06    It's right there. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. It's our kitchen. Practically.  
Speaker 0    01:13:08    Did you play tennis? Yeah.  
Speaker 1    01:13:09    There. Yeah. I wasn't good. I mean like Kelsey or anything like that. But I enjoyed playing tennis. But all my old tennis buddies are retired. Yeah. <laugh>, nobody.  
Speaker 0    01:13:18    Who was your group of tennis? It was,  
Speaker 1    01:13:21    There was, um, Helen Ann McCandless. That's a long time ago. Just, um, anybody that, um, wasn't a very good player. Think we played with them, enjoyed ourself that, um, and, but there were some good players and old and uh, and McLeod used to have one week every week with Nanette White. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Um, who's died and, and uh, who else was in that group? Anne and Nanette. Oh, Mary Scott. She's died too. But Ann has outlived everybody. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. You know, she's, she's something. But I guess she's sort of, she said I'm still, I still play in the Calcutta <laugh>, but I don't know. I think she had to play 'cause somebody else was sick  
Speaker 0    01:14:04    Or something. Somebody dropped out. I know. Yeah. She had actually taken herself out of the  
Speaker 1    01:14:08    Calcutta. Yeah. Which was good. 'cause she, she shouldn't be doing that. <laugh>. She's an old lady. Anyway. She's another lovely person from around here. Yeah.  
Speaker 0    01:14:18    She's  
Speaker 1    01:14:18    Great. But I think her, I think Mayo would be better. Oh, these stinkbug up there.  
Speaker 0    01:14:24    Oh, the Stinkbugs  
Speaker 1    01:14:25    Hate those things. They get on the edge of the um, oh,  
Speaker 0    01:14:28    You have doves? We have a lot of doves at our house.  
Speaker 1    01:14:30    Oh, I know.  
Speaker 0    01:14:32    At our old house. Not so many at our new house that I've seen.  
Speaker 1    01:14:36    Yeah. I wonder what out in the field there. It's not as many, not many roosting spots. Right. Like you said, that's one tree. I guess that's,  
Speaker 0    01:14:45    You know, in the easement to that, there's, it says that they're gonna put in trails for public birdwatching.  
Speaker 1    01:14:54    Oh, really? Now who owns that  
Speaker 0    01:14:56    Old, uh, Catherine Mellon Conover. Oh,  
Speaker 1    01:14:59    Con. Okay. I noticed she left the, the, um, field grow up. And so it's just that, you know, a lot of habitat in there. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. But, um, how old is she though? Is she an old lady? She was older than me. Wow. I don't know her at all. I never  
Speaker 0    01:15:16    Ever met her. I think she was she the,  
Speaker 1    01:15:18    Is she their, their kid? I mean she, Mrs. Me's daughter or not? I don't know.  
Speaker 0    01:15:26    I don't know. He had another,  
Speaker 1    01:15:28    He was married be to Mary Con or me or whoever the person. And then married Bunny. And then Bunny was married also to somebody else. But they wouldn't have that melon name, right?  
Speaker 0    01:15:40    No.  
Speaker 1    01:15:40    That must have been his child from someone. But she's gotta be pretty old. 'cause he was, you know, he's old. And what was the, um, I can't remember the name of, uh, her husband Bunny. 'cause there was a person that lived around here. The son. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Lived in Lloyd.  
Speaker 0    01:15:57    Stacy. Lloyd  
Speaker 1    01:15:58    Del or something.  
Speaker 0    01:15:59    Stacy. Lloyd.  
Speaker 1    01:16:00    Lloyd, that's right. Yeah. Doctor, you're good on the, who's rats here? You'll be good to it. God, for the museum. <laugh>.  
Speaker 0    01:16:07    Well that's,  
Speaker 1    01:16:08    I've forgotten. That's what you do when you get older. You forget names and it's Frustrat. That's  
Speaker 0    01:16:12    Mostly so frustrating just from knowing. So I have a friend, um, who helped. He does, he plans big parties. He helped me plan the Windy Hill Gala. Oh,  
Speaker 1    01:16:23    I see. Oh, that's  
Speaker 0    01:16:24    Good. And so he also helped Stacy plan his 80th birthday party.  
Speaker 1    01:16:28    Oh. So he's my age then.  
Speaker 0    01:16:30    And, well, he died a few years ago.  
Speaker 1    01:16:32    Oh, he, oh, did I did  
Speaker 0    01:16:33    From planning this elaborate party. They got to be really good friends. Oh,  
Speaker 1    01:16:38    I see. <laugh>. So,  
Speaker 0    01:16:39    So he, he got, so that's how I remember his name. Yeah. Because he was a good,  
Speaker 1    01:16:44    So you did a good job of the Wind Hill Gho. Well, best it does.  
Speaker 0    01:16:48    Fun.  
Speaker 1    01:16:49    Was that at Salamander? Mm-hmm <affirmative>. Yeah, that's right.  
Speaker 0    01:16:52    Yeah. That's at Salamander. But I don't know about this year's. Every year we go through a different  
Speaker 1    01:16:57    Well did, yeah. The Gallup was something different. There was a fashion show that  
Speaker 0    01:17:02    I remember right. There used to be a fashion show.  
Speaker 1    01:17:04    Yeah, that's what, and one year it was in that at Sheila's barn.  
Speaker 0    01:17:10    I remember that. Yeah.  
Speaker 1    01:17:11    That was at that. And then another time at that other barn over across the road. Where's that? The one down toward the plains. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. That was amazing. Um, and that's when they had people from town get up and model. Right. Like the guy from the pizza place and <laugh>. Yeah. It was a lot of fun. I liked that. 'cause that was kind  
Speaker 0    01:17:32    Of, that was a real small town kind of thing.  
Speaker 1    01:17:35    More a small town. But these absolutely elaborate places. <laugh>. Right. You know,  
Speaker 0    01:17:39    And they would have local people model, which was mm-hmm  
Speaker 1    01:17:41    <affirmative>. Yeah. I think Kelsey modeled and that one over there. Yeah, she did. But this is just a, a dance and a dinner. Is it  
Speaker 0    01:17:49    At all? Yes. They weren't making as much money, I think from the fashion show.  
Speaker 1    01:17:52    No, probably not. Oh, they must make a lot from this. 'cause the price is high. 'cause I know I saw that and I'm like, Nope. <laugh>, I won't be able to hear. Anyway. So that's made the main reason. So, but it looked like a lot of fun. And Gloria and Howard went,  
Speaker 0    01:18:07    Well we got them to be the chair last year.  
Speaker 1    01:18:09    <laugh>. They had a good, they had a good run at it. They were being it thing. I know  
Speaker 0    01:18:14    <laugh>. They were really fun to have. They're  
Speaker 1    01:18:16    So nice.  
Speaker 0    01:18:17    Really fun to have. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. I need to sit down with them when they get back. Goodness. They enjoy their time down. Yeah. How often do you go to England?  
Speaker 1    01:18:26    Well, we did go, um, about, about three times a year. And then we were going for Christmas this year. And then my husband got this brain thing. Um, he's fine. But, uh, it's what a worry. Yeah. And so we obviously couldn't go 'cause we were planning to go and then they said they'd have to do the surgery sooner rather than later. So they, we had to get in and it didn't happen until the end of January, but they were doing testing and stuff like that right before that. So, so that was good. But we hoped to go. But then now we've got the coronavirus, the virus Coronavirus. Right.  
Speaker 1    01:19:05    I don't know. British Airways had two or three people that got sick yesterday with a virus. It's just gonna spread. Yeah. So I think we're gonna be stuck here. Not that we're stuck, but I don't think we're, and as he said, we don't have to go over everybody's all right. Right. And our house, luckily we had moved a couple years ago to a over 55 little place in our same village. But somebody had done bless them that you, you know, just like two up, two down. The really nice little place was a patio in the back, townhouse sections. And so now we don't have to worry luckily mm-hmm <affirmative>. 'cause we would be up a creek <laugh>  
Speaker 0    01:19:47    If you had to take care of something from so far away  
Speaker 1    01:19:49    Without being able to go No, we, we did it, but we were younger and you know, it just worked out. And then someone, uh, we decided we'd move and someone wanted to borrow a house. So it just was easy, you know, but otherwise we'd be sitting here <laugh>. Right. Panicking, you know. But they take care of everything. So don't  
Speaker 0    01:20:09    To worry. That's what you need here in  
Speaker 1    01:20:11    <crosstalk>. Yeah, I know. But that's why I, so, you know, uh, as a, I wanted them to do something here and I still do, so have to talk to Bridge.  
Speaker 0    01:20:21    Maybe a smaller scale would  
Speaker 1    01:20:23    Yeah. If they said like on that same property, like 50 rooms, uh, you know, but it needs to be that big. It can't be 20, not enough. Right.  
Speaker 0    01:20:36    But, um, well also then you don't have the scale to have the programming and the, and the kind of help that you need, you know? No, I know. You need to have some scale. That would seem to me just to have, um, have it make sense for someone to run it.  
Speaker 1    01:20:51    Yeah. I know. I don't know who that, I went to the meeting at town meeting and all, but I don't know who it was. And of course, the fellow that owns the property's that Blackwater guy, and he's not popular of course. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. He's like, got a bad reputation, but, um, and it, they don't want it there. Now we have Nelson Gunnel at the edge of town, so that's gonna be another problem. Right. But I can't, they can't stop 'em all. But I wish I could let that some kind of a, what they need is what we were in in England over 55. You know, that little townhouse thing would be just perfect. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. But that's not gonna solve per a person's health problems for the long run. But at least it something for you. Right. Unless everybody I know wants to move into somewhere.  
Speaker 0    01:21:38    Well, wasn't Sheila gonna build some at the salamander?  
Speaker 1    01:21:41    She was, but I've heard a thing about it since. We need to, we need to find out about that. Mm-hmm <affirmative>.  
Speaker 0    01:21:47    You know, because that would be good if you and all your friends could live there. Well,  
Speaker 1    01:21:51    Exactly. <laugh>, it'd be perfect. Perfect for  
Speaker 0    01:21:54    Her. Them do your laundry and Yeah. So  
Speaker 1    01:21:58    Be very nice. Very nice. Even a small, just a small place you like, you know what we have, we have our laundry and machines over there. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. In England. It's things are tight <laugh>. Right. But we had to get a washing machine that is also a dryer. I know you have one of them. No,  
Speaker 0    01:22:18    But I grew up in England, so.  
Speaker 1    01:22:20    Oh, you did? Well, where did you  
Speaker 0    01:22:22    Grow up? In London.  
Speaker 1    01:22:23    That is amazing. Let's see. You know this, we are near Oxford. Yeah. So we're in a little village.  
Speaker 0    01:22:29    Yeah. S you told me where you are. That's a great, oh, it's so NICE's a great location.  
Speaker 1    01:22:33    We love it. Yeah.  
Speaker 0    01:22:34    No, we, that's, we sold our flat when we moved on, so Yeah. Which is too bad. I would love, but it was bigger and would've been hard to take care of from afar.  
Speaker 1    01:22:42    So Yeah. It would be.  
Speaker 0    01:22:44    Yeah. Now we're sorry because, you know, real estate's so much there now. It would've been,  
Speaker 1    01:22:49    Oh God. Yeah. We'll  
Speaker 0    01:22:50    Never get back there now. Oh,  
Speaker 1    01:22:52    To, well, that's the thing. Especially with, um, with, uh, I think I'm losing my voice, um, uh, selling that house, I mean, what we got for it. Right. A tiny, tiny house. Unbelievable. And it even had a place next door, which was the house was, I can't tell you, probably could probably reach from one to the other. And then <laugh> a little lane. And someone was, um, trying to get the house next door, which was in kind of bad shape. Um, the people had moved out and nobody in it. And they'd rented it. And then they were trying to, um, uh, get permission to build two houses there. They know. Right. Right there. And this part older lady that lived sort of on the other street, but the back, their back faced it would've been like to their, well, they didn't get the permission, but we were selling ours at the same time. And we thought, we'll never sell if they see this, you  
Speaker 0    01:23:52    Know? Right. <laugh>.  
Speaker 1    01:23:54    Oh, anyway, it did. But there's always something moving around. But real estate is terrible in England. We Yeah. You don't wanna buy.  
Speaker 0    01:24:04    It is terrible. I'm always looking for something. But it's, it's hard.  
Speaker 1    01:24:09    We, I know there was something with a million pounds, one of the homes in Dorchester that was just awful. I mean, it is not big either, but just because it's, you know, 15 minutes from Oxford. Right. And on the road to London and next to the railroad, you know, station is not far away. Yeah. It's a lot. So anyway, keep you <laugh>.  
Speaker 0    01:24:32    Well, when we sold our house in Georgetown, because it was between two, the two Cobbles Stone Streets where there used to be trolleys. Oh yeah. But they said, oh, they're gonna tear the, the trolley streets up and then relay them. And we thought, oh, well, we'll be stuck. So we put our house on the market and sold it right away.  
Speaker 1    01:24:52    Oh good.  
Speaker 0    01:24:52    And of course then they didn't do the project for another five, 10 years.  
Speaker 1    01:24:57    Probably not  
Speaker 0    01:24:57    <laugh>. And now we're just keep looking for a house. But we can't, you know, we haven't found  
Speaker 1    01:25:03    No, yeah,  
Speaker 0    01:25:04    We haven't found one, but we're renting a house is fine. But that's  
Speaker 1    01:25:07    Good. I love Georgetown though. That's where we always had, we're all, we're gonna move. And that's  
Speaker 0    01:25:11    Funny. Me and my college roommates we're the same way. We Oh, we're all gonna go live together in Washington  
Speaker 1    01:25:16    And Yeah. Wouldn't that be fun? Yeah. And then we, the trolleys, were still running, uh, on W Comp Uhhuh <affirmative>. Oh, amazing. Lovely <laugh>. That is a great spot. That's, is it still, is it still like a teenage hangout down there? Yeah, I've been there. We sometimes we'd go in and have like a, a weekend we spend at the Georgetown Inn. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. At a get a good spot. It'd go to, um, uh, the theater or concert, whatever. Right. Museums have fun. Just have a weekend. Right.  
Speaker 0    01:25:48    But,  
Speaker 1    01:25:48    Um, but so I, but I haven't seen a lot of action down there. I suppose they're going during the week, not happening a Saturday night. Right. Because I know my daughter, she, she would go down there anytime they could get a ride that somebody drove <laugh>, they'd end up  
Speaker 0    01:26:02    Being down there. The kids went down. Oh yeah. From here. A lot. Yeah. Well, thank you so much for giving me so much of your Saturday. You're welcome. I'm sorry I haven't given you anything to eat or anything. Oh no, it's fine. Drinking your I ate everywhere. <laugh> I'll, well, who else would you have to, to talk with? Um, I today? Maybe not. 
